1	adjudicated	2	they should let the vote count on posts go negative so we could see how hated this announcement actually is.
2	adjudicated	1	/r/apolloapp is the spiritual successor to alienblue.
3	adjudicated	2	"so weird. ""we didn't take this decision lightly"", but we won't tell you why. ""the power of reddit gifts has always been because of the community, not the software"", so we are cancelling the already-working software in order to focus our efforts on unrelated software. ""no one can sign up for the gift exchange anymore, and it will end soon. anyone who has an incomplete gift exchange will be permanently banned from the closed community that we are soon deleting."" this is the most blatant corporate double-speak i've heard in a long while."
4	adjudicated	2	we should go back to just posting that picture of reddit silver with the s backwards and whatever instead of spending coins to have an official useless icon.
5	adjudicated	3	reddit as a brand new user today is an absolutely horrible experience. if this is what the site looked like when it was originally launched it would have never taken off.
6	adjudicated	2	"> lastly, i'm sure this will be ignored, but i would like to offer to completely take over redditgifts again. you can keep everything about it, i will even run your ads and you can keep all of the profits. i will pay for hosting, do all developments and support/community work. fuck if reddit lets you ""formally"" continue it, just do it mate, you have the power"
7	adjudicated	2	bruh they couldn't even help themselves when they made reddit silver a real thing you could buy after people sarcastically used it as a 'reward' in comments
8	adjudicated	2	if they ever stop old.reddit that may be the day i actually quit, the new experience is so laggy on my tablet despite all this time
9	adjudicated	2	just wait until they shut down old.reddit.com
10	adjudicated	1	my guinness world record certificate is still in the envelope i got it in years ago lol. this is how good i've gotten at procrastinating, i've been always postponing having it framed
11	adjudicated	1	"yup. that's the, ""so you're skipping plan a? good luck."" look. you can definitely tell how bold of a choice she thinks it is."
12	adjudicated	1	maybe she's just wondering why you're recording her.
13	adjudicated	1	actually, the first three items was lubricant if you think about it
14	adjudicated	2	or maybe dude just took a picture of the car? what good would a qr code that links to a picture of the parking job be to the person who finds that on their car, where it was parked poorly?
15	adjudicated	2	i mean wouldn't you prefer it be staged over this actually happening? or shall we *enjoy suffering*
16	adjudicated	1	very active one would say
17	adjudicated	2	plus textured hair is a bitch and a half to manage. i'm a dude with long hair and it's already hard enough. one of my smoking buddies from when i worked next to a cosmetology school also said the white girls would always ask *her* to do the textured hair so often it seems white stylists don't even bother to learn.
18	adjudicated	1	the wig holds the power
19	adjudicated	1	100% correct
20	adjudicated	1	"i asked a friend from high school about this and i still remember her answer. ""imagine waking up everyday and having constantly good looking hair. it's like that in 6 hours, 6 months, even year and you can shave your own hair blindfolded and it won't even matter"" i was like damn, she's right."
21	adjudicated	3	people who do this have absolutely no idea how gas prices work or get set. you would do better to go after the companies that purchased the gas they are selling you a month ago at a much discounted price and are now gouging you. christ people are idiots
22	adjudicated	1	as a brit, i'm confused as to why biden has anything to do with fuel prices going up massively over here.
23	adjudicated	1	i dont do any of this stuff but i am in favor of destroying all property and return to bog thing
24	adjudicated	1	dad is hvac, they apparently frequently don't hold a human weight either.
25	adjudicated	1	ouch, sprog, right in the feels... thank you.
26	adjudicated	1	when one is coming right at you, it looks slower than it actually is, similar to a train. aaaand then it flies by and you realize it was *hauling ass* source: near-miss with an rpg, where i just looked at it dumbly.
27	adjudicated	2	when you look at the people who were in charge of greenlighting films through the 80s, 90s and 00s, it makes a lot of sense that most male characters are creepy fucks.
28	adjudicated	1	"i saw it before me in shadows of doubt - my means to salvation, my only way out. it sat there in silence, and captured me, caught - immune to my heartache, and deaf to my thought. ""i don't want a future,"" i solemnly swore - ""of sadness and silence and loss anymore. i don't want a witness to witness goodbye - i just wanted someone to care when i cry."" i looked at it, waiting, and muttered a vow: ""whatever. let's do it. it's never or now. i'm ending it here, of an evening, alone."" i reached out before me. and picked up the phone."
29	adjudicated	1	thank you for your warm wishes. mom has since passed on, so i like to imagine she's up there giving him an ear full.
30	adjudicated	1	heartbreaking. people that are homeless are so misunderstood and underapreciated, pets are really the only ones that see them for their heart and not their struggles. i hope he is okay, you did good in trying to be there for him as much as possible, i am sure he appreciated that. did the police go there at all to investigate?
31	adjudicated	1	Mario is basically a general mascot for video games in general. Since it doesn't have the name of the game it's sort of a timeless mural
32	adjudicated	2	"yeah, i do wish people would stop confusing these two things. a world where every game ""story"" was dark souls would suck."
33	adjudicated	2	story =/= lore. lore is background and setting, story is a narrative through-line that tells you why you are here, what you are doing and so forth. they aren't the same. games like doom and dark souls tells its lore through environmental elements, context clues and collectible doohickies you can find and read shit in menus. the story is the here and now, that you are just some dude, you woke up and now you gotta go kill shit.
34	adjudicated	2	that... and people are dumb, which us why movies are mostly just exposition. good movies are few. building it towards the crowd that needs exposition is better business, unfortunatly.
35	adjudicated	2	id software: we don't need lore for doom players: omg what's the background lore with the slayer? is he the same as doomguy? who is this robot dude? what is going on??/
36	adjudicated	1	depends though in dark souls it works. in final fantasy or the last of us for example not so much
37	adjudicated	2	i remember finishing rdr1 and feeling sad and wishing i could go back to being john. then rdr2 comes out, and i still wish i could play as john. then i beat rdr2 and it let me play as john.....but i didn't want that anymore.
38	adjudicated	2	>so, according to riot, despite over 100 women being paid out due to sexual harassment and gender discrimination in assignment, delegation of duties, and promotions, there isn't a systemic problem. lmao what
39	adjudicated	1	it comes with the green box featuring quarter life 2
40	adjudicated	2	what does it run...i'm curious....looks like someone modelled frosting with green jello and left it in the fridge
41	adjudicated	1	omg! poor mom is so worried her puppies won't understand the joy of the ball!
42	adjudicated	2	to me, she's saying: 1. identify the father. 2. locate him. 3. destroy him.
43	adjudicated	1	yeah, it looks like an animated cat travelling around a diorama.
44	adjudicated	1	jungle penguins.
45	adjudicated	2	"it is the thought ""atleast i won a medal"" for the person coming in third versus the ""silver is the prize the first loser gets"" that predominates the person coming in second. or so i heard my medals were mostly in the ""participant"" category..."
46	adjudicated	1	zealandia and the southwest pacific has the most unique and beautiful fauna.
47	adjudicated	1	like a chicken i assume
48	adjudicated	1	i love his struggle of being curious and afraid at the same time. cute little fella!
49	adjudicated	2	and at least she got bronze, statistically speaking bronze medalists fair better in life that silver medalists for some reason haha no idea why but i remember reading that somewhere
50	adjudicated	1	i could never be a wild lifer photographer, because they are instructed to not interact with said animals. how am i supposed ro ignore sure cute little thing like this?
51	adjudicated	1	you were better at sports
52	adjudicated	1	here in the american midwest you hear it all the time during 90s throwback days on the radio. it was very much a hit, and still pretty iconic.
53	adjudicated	1	it was a massive hit in california too, although it took longer to reach us it was still a top 10 and you couldn't go anywhere in 97 without hearing it.
54	adjudicated	1	this played in walmart the other day. i immediately did the neck wiggle. another dude saw and did it right back, much to his wife/girlfriend's horror.
55	adjudicated	1	can't pick just one, my top 3 are: kung fu fighting by carl douglas pump up the volume by ring my bell by anita ward
56	adjudicated	1	wait that song made it out new zealand? crazy. what a throwback jam
57	adjudicated	1	mark morrison-return of the mack
58	adjudicated	1	third eye blind was never a one hit wonder. they had semi-charmed life for sure but also jumper and i'll never let you go. probably others i've forgotten as well.
59	adjudicated	1	for me, it's that thing you do by the oneders. (also groove is in the heart)
60	adjudicated	1	that entire first album of theirs is an unappreciated classic of late-90s alt. we've redeemed third eye blind, now where's the love for harvey danger, dammit?
61	adjudicated	3	goddammit... yet again i read this, then looked to see who posted it, and it realised it was u/shittymorph themselves, again. from now until the end of time, i'm going to read the redditor's name first, before i read any messages...
62	adjudicated	1	the man, the meme, the legend.
63	adjudicated	1	"**some context:** hendrix is a fully trained working border collie. he will move basically anything you put in front of him on command. we herd and compete all over north america. **credit:** mike mcgugan (used with permission) **social:** on the off chance you want to see more of hendrix working, his instagram is ""@hendrixthebordercollie"""
64	adjudicated	1	i love a dog with a job!
65	adjudicated	1	That eclair is gonna cream the competition
66	adjudicated	2	i haven't seen a shittymorph in the wild in years. this is just as good
67	adjudicated	1	i feel like this post is what your reddit career has been leading towards. if i were your father; i may have openly shed a tear of pride.
68	adjudicated	1	you're famous! congrats /u/shittymorph
69	adjudicated	1	remember that time when this meme came at you expectedly? yeah, it was today.
70	adjudicated	1	"""....hey babe! i have an idea for the next time we host game night."""
71	adjudicated	2	totally. if me predicting russia will invade every day stops the invasion i'll see you tomorrow when russia invades ukraine!
72	adjudicated	1	and reduce the probability of turkey (a nato member) from attacking or being attacked by russia. didn't turkey shoot down a russian military jet not that long ago?
73	adjudicated	3	what are you talking about? it's completely normal to have military training exercises with an invasion level force on three sides bordering a neighboring country you previously invaded and are verbally threatening the sovereignty of daily. why is the west being so dramatic???
74	adjudicated	2	it seems like the biden team has been playing putin's game well. they called him out on his plans. i think they were fully aware that announcing putin was planning to invade today would lead to putin refusing to invade ukraineat least for the time being.
75	adjudicated	2	this. it's not about embarrassment or being wrong, it's about peace.
76	adjudicated	3	still 150k troops on the border... in a country with literally more land mass than any other on the planet and they just happen to choose to surround the entire ukraine from the eastern side...
77	adjudicated	2	as long as the chance to prove us wrong prevents an invasion, they can laugh at us all they want. laughter > slaughter.
78	adjudicated	2	putin got caught before the crime with red flag operations. thats why they still havent invaded - they trying to figure out new propaganda, for the invasion. let them ridicule. every extra day helps ukraine, not russia.
79	adjudicated	1	we are. we've entered the fog of war phase. expect disinformation from both sides, right or wrong.
80	adjudicated	1	it's very likely a uk gov source leaking to the mirror. there is a cobra meeting on today so my guess is this 'story' is actually one of several scenarios that ministers are being briefed on. someone has probably leaked a few details of the most 'severe' scenario and they've run with it.
81	adjudicated	1	it's official now: literally everyone can and will be in this movie.
82	adjudicated	3	the bomb. it's nuclear! nuclear!!!
83	adjudicated	1	wow quite the career jump for him. nice revival roles for him and josh hartnett even if their roles are small.
84	adjudicated	2	oppenheimer, where's the nuke?
85	adjudicated	3	the lord of the rings' legacy is they're fucking awesome
86	adjudicated	2	i agree, vin diesel was 34 when the first f&f movie. that's plenty young to get someone more age appropriate to the role and have a long lived franchise.
87	adjudicated	1	">""fortunately he died of a non-traumatic heart attack"" i just read something like this in an obituary. he died peacefully from a heart attack after having played in a golf tournament. that ""peacefully"" feels like it's a placeholder for a whole lot of stuff."
88	adjudicated	1	i dunno rocky and apollo up above is pretty good
89	adjudicated	1	feyd. lovely feyd
90	adjudicated	1	"""when me and j were in nam."""
91	adjudicated	2	that big of a sex gap raises some questions about the methodology on this one.
92	adjudicated	1	sorry for my laziness not reading the entire study. but is there an hypothesis on the vast difference between men and women? i understand that higher cardiovascular risk in general for men is a factor, but doesn't explain this enormous gap in benifit from exercise i suppose.
93	adjudicated	1	it does happen though. my partner is 30 and was diagnosed last week with heart disease after he collapsed at work. and this is a dude who isn't overweight, exercises daily, runs, plays sports, doesn't smoke/drink, does meditation and other stress management things.
94	adjudicated	1	yeah, this has to be an element of this issue at times too. my mom was dismissed for weeks when she went to the doctors and er repeatedly with severe head pain. come to find out she had a brain tumour that was bleeding on her brain. a student in my graduating class at uni is a super fit young woman, even taught free yoga classes sometimes at campus. she was dismissed for her chest pain and exhaustion, they told her it was gas and/or anxiety. she ended up having heart disease. i went to the er once bleeding from a miscarriage, and they didn't believe me when i said i was losing a lot of blood. i ended up almost bleeding out in the triage room. i'm not saying that 100% of poor health outcomes for women are based in medical biases, but i think that people do underestimate how real of a problem this is for women.
95	adjudicated	1	52% in men is a big motivator. 8% in women, not so much. such a big difference is fascinating
96	adjudicated	2	obesity in the us is out of control. when you in your 20s and 30s you're not expected to have heart problem if your not overweigh.
97	adjudicated	1	ok now do the article about how wages are too low for anyone to have healthy diets and proper health care to keep their bodies and hearts fit. also add in there how women are not taken seriously in healthcare because of the misogyny written into all the studies and guidelines that also keep women i poorer health. then we can have real conversation
98	adjudicated	3	yeah well most people are sick and fat so.
99	adjudicated	1	"you're right, the article's definition of heart health: >optimal heart health was defined as having a normal body weight with a body mass index (bmi) between 18-24.9 kg.m2, and not having hypertension or diabetes. using this definition, many people in larger bodies would be considered as having poor heart health, even if relatively active. on the other hand, many people with ""optimally"" sized bodies would be considered to have healthy hearts despite having zero direct observations of their heart or cardiovascular performance."
100	adjudicated	1	and if you include overweight people it goes up to 68.4%. so nearly 7/10 american women are not at a healthy weight.
101	adjudicated	1	knock knock who's there? dishes. dishes who? dishes sean connery.
102	adjudicated	2	clearing the way is not called helicopter parenting. the term for that is lawnmower parenting. it is even worst than the helicopter parent.
103	adjudicated	1	in sweden, a hen mom is different from a curling parent. a hen mom isn't actively doing anything to help her (or his) kids, but is anxious about everything their kids do. while a curling parent actively clears the path for their kids. at least that's how i interpret it, but others might disagree.
104	adjudicated	1	i lack some of the connective tissue you're supposed to have in your shoulders. because of this, if i relax i can pull my shoulders out of the socket at will. sometimes i'll do it accidentally, things like carrying heavy groceries can pull my shoulders out of place if i'm not careful. it doesn't usually hurt, but if i pull my arm too hard or in the wrong direction like that i can hurt myself. one night i fell asleep with my arms folded behind my head. at some point as i fell asleep, my shoulders must have relaxed and dislocated from the weird position. i woke up with both arms totally dead asleep, no feeling at all, both shoulders dislocated, and both arms tangled around each other. not able to feel anything and knowing i could really hurt myself if i moved wrong, i thought i was going to be stuck like that forever. took ages to manage to untangle one just enough to get it into a position that restored the feeling a little, which let me get it back into the socket. then i could finally use that arm to carefully twist back around the other arm and get it into the socket as well.
105	adjudicated	1	"happen to me once when i fell asleep on it... arm was super cold compared to my body and extremely heavy and in pain and completely ""dead"" like i couldn't even move my fingers , i dont think i ever had such a panic attack like that before i remember holding my arm with my hand and hoping i didnt do long term damage. feeling and warmth came back after a few minutes but it seemed like an eternity"
106	adjudicated	1	jamen for helvede da
107	adjudicated	2	i like it a lot, but i don't like that this analogy implies that the hovering is *actually* clearing the way for the kid to do well and go further. helicopter parents hover, but actually just give away their position and aren't nearly as helpful as they think they are.
108	adjudicated	2	so you've one part of your body that's warm, tanned and in perfect comfort? actually; don't answer.
109	adjudicated	2	"in france we call hen parents or more like ""hen mom"" or ""hen dad"", because they sit on the eggs and overprotect them"
110	adjudicated	1	ha! just like the rest of my body
111	adjudicated	1	we make fun of this, but the guys who made this clearly love making movies. there's a charm to that.
112	adjudicated	1	the whole movie is on youtube, great time killer and it's only an hour long who killed captain alex is the name
113	adjudicated	2	"ercot - electric ""reliability"" council of texas. gotta love how ""reliable"" the system was during that storm as people froze to death. gotta love the emails sent out to customers all year long every year suggesting that they conserve their energy use in order to minimize power outages. bitch, that's your one job!"
114	adjudicated	1	press the bomb
115	adjudicated	2	the reason is always about money!
116	adjudicated	2	"yeah, its a pretty rough one. whats that shower thought from forever ago? ""having a mid-life crisis is like playing an rpg and realizing half-way through that you hate your character but you can't respec skills and there's only one game ever."""
117	adjudicated	1	that's my age and with a boost from covid living i am feeling it in my bones.
118	adjudicated	2	"labeling an affordable development ""gentrification"" based on aesthetics seems very on-brand for tik tok level of analysis. and makes very worried that people are getting their policy analysis via tik tok."
119	adjudicated	1	it's catchy as hell no doubt. but the meaning is terrifying.
120	adjudicated	1	and he was only 25 when he wrote it.
121	adjudicated	2	"i'm sitting there (tiny hand movements) slaving away for america. when the cockpit door. bursts open (head tilt for no reason) and the pilot says: ""mr. trump you're the only one who can land this plane, nobody else can do it not even me."" i said ""that's no problem, i've landed many planes before i can do it again."" and i did, it was no problem at all. everyone was celebrating on the tarmac, champagne the whole nine yards it was tremendous the best champagne you've ever tasted, everyone says so. but not me (looks insane), i got right back to work trying to make america great again, everyone was thanking me. i said ""if only i could be on every flight with engine failure, but i can't. i'm only one man, and you're gonna miss me when i'm gone. they tell me everyday :""mr. president, please come back.. sleepy joe is ruining.. look what he's done in ukraine they say. i'm tired that's enough"
122	adjudicated	3	i just want to see trump in prison for the rest of life personally. putin on the other hand i'd like to see dragged by horse down a gravel road until his head falls off.
123	adjudicated	2	agreed, and russian bots keep saying that the us is gaslighting and russia isn't going to do anything. we're literally just broadcasting what they're doing. it's back up by satellite pictures and everything.
124	adjudicated	2	he was there to beat that man's ass for who he was, nit what he looked like lol
125	adjudicated	1	it was very well played by this administration to declassify and release intelligence on russian troop movements and communication intercepts as they were being discovered. basically calling out putin's chess moves as he's making them.
126	adjudicated	2	a man's gotta have his principles after all.
127	adjudicated	2	the cop made sure the white kid was ok before leaving him to jump on the black kid, lol. it's so blatant one has to laugh.
128	adjudicated	2	doxxing a doctor who's only trying to save lives. real red-hat thinking, there.
129	adjudicated	2	"""whoa whoa, i was here to fight, not be a part of this racist system!"""
130	adjudicated	2	when the white kid stood up, and both cops were attending the black kid, i thought for sure they would take that as a threat since their backs were basically turned. but no. no reaction from the cops at all. the white kids was obviously not considered threatening at any point.
131	adjudicated	1	*chuck norris, collectors edition*
132	adjudicated	2	*not that dumb!*
133	adjudicated	1	so very true. i'm in so many meetings where people are facing a problem and i know exactly how i could help to solve it. but if i share that idea, it'll just create extra work for me. in those situations it can be preferable to let other people figure out how it can be solved. if i know that they can (and should) do it without my help, i won't say anything. learned that the hard way.
134	adjudicated	1	when i get drunk i play a game where i pretend to not know extremely common things to see who i can fool. ex: bugs bunny, ladders. i've also said that i have an identical twin brother that's 6'3 (i'm 5'5). sober me has decided i need to stop doing this because some people believe me to be an idiot.
135	adjudicated	1	"""yea, i don't know man. go ask steve over there."""
136	adjudicated	1	also to learn. i've been in many situations where i am sure of the right answer, but listen and ask questions instead of explain. either i was wrong, or the person i was talking to had a neat strategy to come to the same conclusion.
137	adjudicated	2	i play dumb so well that \_everybody\_ believes it - my mum, my teachers, my parole officer, all the girls i try and talk to...
138	adjudicated	2	playing dumb at work is important
139	adjudicated	2	but some take it to the point of wanting to shelter them from all forms of sex education as if that'll keep teenagers from having sex. and that does more harm than good.
140	adjudicated	1	i think you mean the smartester people, of which i am one.
141	adjudicated	1	he didn't lie to his wife honesty is always best.
142	adjudicated	1	"exactly. i went from ""trying to be amused"" to ""worried where this is going"" real quick."
143	adjudicated	2	he had never had any type of sexual contact with a **live** female sometimes the use of a particular adjective completely changes the imagery of a sentence. this is one of those times.
144	adjudicated	1	for some reason i can't explain, i know saint peter won't call my name.
145	adjudicated	1	you're a real smooth criminal.
146	adjudicated	1	*satan gently nods*
147	adjudicated	2	what is an old jewish man doing selling masks in the middle of the afghanistan desert?
148	adjudicated	1	*my* clue is pointing in *that* direction!
149	adjudicated	3	"""side"" what ""side"" do you think i'm on? because i hate a fascist shitbag who tried to overthrow the country? why don't you? why would you support someone who did that, and why do you think he shouldn't be in prison?"
150	adjudicated	1	I named my horse Mayo. Sometimes, Mayo-neighs
151	adjudicated	1	and if you're doing it right it's on a corporate card lol
152	adjudicated	2	"true; but you're also paying for it to be ""right"". if you do it yourself and fuck it up, you don't get to send it back to the kitchen to be redone."
153	adjudicated	1	this.this scares me. edit: but also legendary.
154	adjudicated	1	for sure doing it at home yourself is by far the cheapest. steak restaurants always charge phenomenal amounts of money for steak.
155	adjudicated	1	when i was a kid i was one of the shortest and thinnest kids in my grade. when i was maybe 9 i went to a place called the hereford house and got the 32oz porterhouse. the table next to us and our waiter all remarked that the didn't know there all the steak went watching me eat with machine consistency. always cutting while chewing until no meat was left on the bone. after that i went for the fries soaked in steak juice only stopping for sips of coke. i guess what i'm saying is if 9yo me can eat 2% of my body weight in steaky goodness you should be able to eat half of that if you have the will power.
156	adjudicated	1	think we got a prime tomahawk from costco for $55 couple years ago. $55 between three people was so worth it.
157	adjudicated	1	smoked salmon, potato wrap, avocado, spiced cream cheese, rucula and iceberg lettuce.
158	adjudicated	1	What's in the pie?
159	adjudicated	1	looking forward to your submission on www.ratemypoo.com
160	adjudicated	1	the weight is half bone generally, probably more here given the length of the tomahawk here. granted 16 - 19oz is still a big meal for any dude.
161	adjudicated	1	citation very much needed
162	adjudicated	1	skin to skin contact soon after birth is especially important for c-section births to introduce the newborn to mother and parent's microbiome. depends on the hospital and baby's condition, but it can often be done in the or while the surgery is being finished up.
163	adjudicated	1	if you are talking about the skin microbiome (this is the germs / microbes on all skin and eyelashes) then babies obtain a lot of their microbiome from their mother during birth. they they will have additional colonisation through any skin to skin contact as well as their food. this microbiome is made up of lots of different types of microbes and millions of each and transfer very easily. if you are talking about eyelash mites, eyelash mites can also live on general skin. these are transferred from people with them on their skin / hairs / eyelashes to the hair / eyelashes on a newborn by touch. keep in mind that everyone has hair all over so this could be to anywhere on the baby and they can then move. it is also worth noting that not everyone has these mites and the same goes for newborns.
164	adjudicated	1	normal flora start spreading to the newborn as soon as they lay the baby on the mother's tummy, and it's one of the reasons caregivers advocate skin-to-skin contact between the parents and the child. once the colonization begins, it's impossible to keep normal bacteria from spreading to the entire body via hands and feet and bathing. is that the question? there are larger inhabitants than bacteria, such as nits, but they don't inhabit every adult nor every infant.
165	adjudicated	1	the seal / shark response still fits as baby seals can certainly fish for themselves for a while before fully grown. baby sharks, like all small fish are potential prey to marine mammals.
166	adjudicated	1	i don't think that any of the examples here understand the question. they're all giving examples of predators that, as babies, are sometimes hunted by adults of other species. op had an example where the predator-prey relationship reverses. in an immature stage, x hunts y, but when they (both) mature, y hunts x. since most higher species don't have young that do hunting, you'll probably have to look to less developed species for other examples. (i suspect that you might find other examples among insects, where larvae might be predators.)
167	adjudicated	1	"it's a superconducting magnet. you turn the current on, close the connection, and then the current will always* be flowing as long as it's kept cold. \* for a given value of ""always"". i've personally used magnets that were energized for 30 years without the field changing significantly."
168	adjudicated	1	> which cost $21 million to fix that's probably hardware costs. it's certainly not accounting for the one-year delay of a project involving thousands of people.
169	adjudicated	1	i'm a bit skeptical about this paper. they only show three figured, with no error bars nor statistic analysis, a couple of uninformative microscopy images of erythrocytes and a diagram apparently made with paint. the wording of their abstract is also pretty vague, and even claims that the only treatment that currently exists to reduce blood viscosity is aspirin... i'd love to read the full paper, but it was published in a very little journal to which my university has no subscription and it is not on sci-hub.
170	adjudicated	1	I've always wondered, even within people who can see faces fine, we very often get cases where one person perceives two faces to be very similar, but to someone else they really don't. Is that explained by difference between how we perceive/process faces? Like each of us being partially faceblind to some subtle cues and not to others?
171	adjudicated	1	wouldn't that be a smash test dummy?
172	adjudicated	1	sorry to disappoint. wife refused to model. maybe i should get a crash test dummy.
173	adjudicated	1	"you are correct. some mattress brands own review websites or they have a direct investment into a review site. mattress review websites generally aren't required to give a good review, but heavily influenced to do so. if you see certain suspect mattresses routinely at the top of various ""best of"" lists you can almost guarantee those mattress brands are simply paying the most money per sale. the mattress review industry by and large is dishonest. there are absolutely consequences if you you call out a particular mattress as bad or even just that don't like it as much as others. mattress brands stop working with you, remove you from their partner programs, reduce your commission, threaten legal action, sue you, they will negative seo your website (which causes rankings to decline), they will send dislike bots to your youtube videos (which isn't a big deal now that dislikes are turned off), and launch a myriad of other cyber attacks. all of the above have happened to me over the years."
174	adjudicated	1	lol...i'm dead
175	adjudicated	2	when i was shopping for a mattress last year i ran across lots of review web sites and youtube channels, including sleepopolis. i came to the conclusion that most of these reviews are either paid for by the manufacturer or they are required to give a good review if they want to keep getting free samples to test. how honest is the mattress review industry? are there any negative consequences if you say that a particular mattress is bad?
176	adjudicated	1	imagine trying to explain to the irs that hiring call girls is a legitimate business expense
177	adjudicated	1	> it's 375 pages longer than any other book i've ever written and it took me two years to finish and i had to start over halfway through and it triggered an existential crisis yeah this guy's def a writer.
178	adjudicated	1	definitely! i mean...how could you review a mattress without discussing sex? it's nearly as critical as the sleep performance, in my view.
179	adjudicated	1	1. not ever dragon is an experienced carpenter. 2. please refer to the 5-second rule. here's an odd detail he may have missed: there are 37 days on the calendar in the dragon's cave. why? gotta ask dan on that one...
180	adjudicated	1	i love that you have sex scores.
181	adjudicated	1	this looks like a windows 10 wallpaper lol
182	adjudicated	1	looks like a mini world
183	adjudicated	1	this must be where lowes and home depot get their 2x4's from.
184	adjudicated	1	this is a donkey kong country level and you can't convince me otherwise! great shot, what a beautifully red sun for such a clear looking day.
185	adjudicated	1	"""hi! my name is cecilia and i live on svalbard an island close to the north pole"""
186	adjudicated	1	looks like somewhere out of this world, beautiful photo.
187	adjudicated	1	1
188	adjudicated	1	global warming patch notes: ice caves are now water caves
189	adjudicated	1	i e always been told ice caves should be avoided unless it's really cold (well below freezing) due to potential collapse. the fact that this is gone after a few years would seem to confirm the danger.
190	adjudicated	1	ice caves come and go all the time. source: i have spent a lot of time on glaciers
191	adjudicated	1	i feel uncomfortable
192	adjudicated	1	note the practiced economy of movement, she's not even looking at the box as she slams into it. that kid has done that a lot.
193	adjudicated	1	that's so incredibly sad.
194	adjudicated	2	are we witnessing child labour in this gif?
195	adjudicated	1	the princess and the peaness
196	adjudicated	1	makes me really claustrophobic just imagining being the first guy
197	adjudicated	1	this is the best use for instagram. i want to see cute dogs living interesting lives.
198	adjudicated	1	did we just watch someone get snuffed out?
199	adjudicated	1	well, it has and it hasn't. day ticket prices are absolutely absurd now but season passes are actually significantly cheaper than they were during the boyne days.
200	adjudicated	2	my claustrophobia just kicked in for the first guy
201	adjudicated	2	"> i wonder how they tell the attacker's dna from the victims? dna analysis determines which samples are the victims & which are not. the dna which is not the victims is then used to compare to other samples in the criminal database. any confusion in the two samples would lead to questions for the processing lab. >uploading the victim's dna on purpose doesn't sound like something a reasonable person would do deliberately. you don't seem to be familiar with the us law enforcement's ""i don't give a fuck about women"" stance in regards to rape & sexual assault. the number of untested rape kits in the us is well over 100,000 but police don't keep accurate records to get the exact number. keep in mind that less that 35% of rapes or sa are even reported and reports about the dna of a victim being used to arrest her will make that number fall even further."
202	adjudicated	3	regardless of if they caught the rapist it still will have a chilling effect on reporting. the police and da crossed a line here and deserve every bit of backlash they get.
203	adjudicated	2	similar styles of scam were already run through the mail and made illegal. they were encyclopedia sales, and they said if you didn't reply you were consenting to buy the books.
204	adjudicated	3	what the fuck?
205	adjudicated	2	"honestly, probably because to get help, he'd have to get through customer service. and to get through customer service he'd need to get the right number, and that number will probably transfer him to the actual right number, who will then transfer him to another number because they don't want to handle that right now because they're 10 minutes from break and don't want to miss out on that. so that next person will be new, will do their very best to help because they genuinely might want to but don't actually have the knowledge or ability to do so. they'll spend about an hour before lying and saying they got it fixed and a correction will be sent in the mail in 5-10 business days. it won't be. after all that is done, he'll call back and try to ask for a supervisor, only to be jerked around for an hour and be given another worker with similar, at best, knowledge and ability to the person who wasn't a supervisor/escalation agent, but they're allowed to say they're a supervisor. they'll say some nice words but end it with ""well, i'll make sure to get you to the right person and get this fixed this time"". and from there, there is maybe a 40% chance you'll get into contact with someone who can actually help. if you're being generous. i used to be on both sides of this while working in a customer service hotline for an insurance company. it's just an utter mess of undertrained, under paid workers mixed in with a few who actually know what they're doing, but you're lucky if you bump into one of those at any given day."
206	adjudicated	2	that's the problem with the lobbying/privatization combo. you get to tell lawmakers to to give your company money, and they go along with it. even to the detriment of the people.
207	adjudicated	2	"""ohh it's gonna cost another 10k to remove it don't worry i got my knife in the car, will be back real soon"""
208	adjudicated	2	it is literally designed to be inefficient and confusing.
209	adjudicated	2	sounds like a whole lot of stress for someone recovering from surgery, after just donating an organ. tantamount to abuse, what a system.
210	adjudicated	2	"""...do i...do i even get a thanks?"" ""oh, yeah, sorry, we all thank you for paying the bill within the next 7 days. bye then."""
211	adjudicated	2	the characters are pretentious for sure but i don't think that necessarily means the book is.
212	adjudicated	2	"""i don't think i'm better than them but maybe i do"" lol one of the most human things i've ever read just do your thing and find some other people who are interested in more mature books."
213	adjudicated	2	seems like you need to find a new book club instead of shitting on other people's reading preferences.
214	adjudicated	2	start your own book club
215	adjudicated	2	join a different book club
216	adjudicated	1	my high school made me read *persepolis*. i didn't at the time cause i was a lazy high school student, but then i picked it up in college and really enjoyed it
217	adjudicated	1	"> ""it's a play, it's meant to be seen."" that's a great analogy. i've never thought about the relationship between plays and comics. movies vs. comics as a kind of storyboard, sure, but not plays necessarily."
218	adjudicated	1	"we had a brilliant youth librarian at our local public library. the local school system decided that all incoming 10th graders needed to read shakespeare's *the tempest* over the summer. the librarian stocked up on a version that was the entire play, in graphic novel format. when parent questioned it she explained, ""it's a play, it's meant to be seen."" i checked it out for myself. it was great because there were side notes on people and places."
219	adjudicated	1	visual rhetoric combined with text is powerful stuff. reading *persepolis* early in graduate school made me keen on graphic novels as a medium for communicating different personal narratives. then work like the provocatively-titled collection *get naked* showed me how persuasive they can be about understanding other perspectives. since then, i frequent the graphic novel section of my library and check out at least one a month, whether it's focused on something like the history of beermaking or whether it's something like *rusty brown*. i wish i'd known titles like this were out there in middle and high school, when the chasm between fun, picture-heavy, low-grade reads about history and solid text-only history texts never felt wider.
220	adjudicated	1	this was definitely discovered by a scientist who wanted to read graphic novels while at work.
221	adjudicated	2	they could literally just climb over it, lol
222	adjudicated	1	second this. i notice there's a lot of wiggle as the door is being opened and closed. try to reinforce that and the cats won't be able to push through.
223	adjudicated	1	"one of our cats went missing. i could hear these muffles mews, and i tracked them down to the kitchen where one of our other cats was sitting in front of the refridgerator. i opened the fridge door and our ""missing"" cat shot out. he did not learn his lesson. he still continues trying to pull open the fridge (we got a lock for it) and if he's around when you open the door and there's room on the bottom shelf he will still sometimes jump in."
224	adjudicated	1	hey i think there's a super easy way to fix the problem with cats getting past your beautiful gate. add an identical extra magnetic latch at the bottom. the cat was able to get enough leverage to break the magnet's grip because the rest of the door served as a gigantic lever.
225	adjudicated	1	that bed looks pretty fir king sweet! for real, awesome job!
226	adjudicated	1	i love how all the comments are about cats being liquid and squeezing through but ops cats are posh and just opened it with their hands. toooooooo cute! lovely gate, love cats, hope you find a lovely solution.
227	adjudicated	1	nice try, op. cats are made of liquid! still, beautiful work.
228	adjudicated	2	i didn't need to see the video to know this wasn't going to work. cats will find a way.
229	adjudicated	1	easy access for the kids during story time! joking aside, really cool project.
230	adjudicated	1	for those browsing who might wonder... best to glue magnets or metal circles to the ski, then glue magnets to the bottom of some shot glasses. makes the glasses much easier to wash, and you can have many more glasses to use with a single ski
231	adjudicated	2	i have to do this too why do they make them out of super bright blue leds it's literally the worse choice for a light in your peripheral vision when you're driving
232	adjudicated	2	i had to put tape over the light on my phones car charger. it had a freakishly bright blue light on it and where the plugin was caused it to shine directly in my face while driving
233	adjudicated	1	"the way to think of this is like a wing. with a head on wind, you can get wind to go across your sail and cause ""lift"", just like a plane wing. except, instead of going up, this lift pulls you to the side. now if the hull of your boat is angled at, say 45 degrees into the wind, this pull to the side from your sail will move you slightly to the side and sightly into the wind. eventually you'll run out of room or go too far off course, so you reverse the process, get the wind to pull you the other way, slightly to the other side but still going forwards into the wind."
234	adjudicated	1	the orbits of planets and moons *do* change over millions of years, but they'll still be orbiting around their respective primaries (stars and planets). for instance, the size of the moon's orbit around the earth is expanding about an inch per year. the l2 position is unstable. webb is orbiting around the sun, and it will continue to do *that* indefinitely, but it'll wander away from l2 without repeated corrections.
235	adjudicated	1	survival of the sufficient (i evolved to like alliteration)
236	adjudicated	1	"survival of the adequate (i just like the word ""adequate"")"
237	adjudicated	1	your food pretty much lasts the same length of time in your stomach one way or another. remember that your stomach is really only the second step of your digestive system - the first being your mouth, where you start the process by chewing the food into easily digestible goo. the stomach adds acid and enzymes, then the foodgoo goes on into the small intestines where bacteria gets to work and the useful proteins and nutrients are absorbed into the intestinal wall and enters the bloodstream to go whereever they're needed. you could (in theory) cut a hole into your abdomen and place unchewed food directly into the stomach, and it would still spend the same amount of time before being sent on its merry little way. but, by not chewing, the stomach and rest of the digestive system wouldnt be able to properly extract enough nutrients. meaning you wouldn't be getting the right amount, and would need to eat more...and you would be pooping a lot more.
238	adjudicated	1	it's a rather corrosive acid mixture of nitric acid and hydrochloric acid. naturally, be extremely careful with aqua regia as it dissolves stuff like gold, platinum, and careless chemists.
239	adjudicated	1	survival of the good enough.
240	adjudicated	1	"our forearms, the area between the elbow and the wrist, need to be able to rotate, like when we are turning a door knob. another way to think of this motion is pronation (making your palm face downwards) vs supination (making your palm face upwards). an ""armcap"" or elbow cap would get in the way of pronation/supination. the feet and shins do not need to rotate in this way, we are unable to make our toes point behind us for example, therefore it makes sense to have a more stable and rigid joint where the knee cap can act as a fulcrum or lever for more powerful movement."
241	adjudicated	1	such a cool idea. like the asthetic and it's clever/funny :)
242	adjudicated	1	this is so lovely! i'm just now starting to learn to tig weld and can appreciate how difficult this must be. is there a way to preserve the rainbow color and/or are you gonna patina it?
243	adjudicated	2	im from europe and i cant help seeing something bad in this( something german)
244	adjudicated	2	i think they're off killing jedi.
245	adjudicated	2	i wanna see the first 7 sisters.
246	adjudicated	1	this makes me happy, although i hadn't considered it when i made it. i love dishonored and the concept art made for it.
247	adjudicated	1	american cavalry
248	adjudicated	1	dishonored vibes for sure.
249	adjudicated	1	what is the inspiration for the uniform? i would guess some east european cavalry, but i am not good with tjis.
250	adjudicated	1	i love use of purple tones in this, great work!
251	adjudicated	1	this is the real lpt. streaming is fine if you want to just watch something. can't beat the dvd service if you want to watch a specific thing.
252	adjudicated	1	change of scenery. if you're able to then go on holiday, or go and stay somewhere new in whatever country you're in. relaxing is all in your mind. a change of scenery and routine helps your mind separate from your normal routine and the stresses that come with it.
253	adjudicated	1	i know everyone uses the toothbrush example, but if thats difficult too it's better to start with larger motion exercises like wiping & dusting, vacuuming & ironing. also important to work the arms as it will help when you get to working the hands if you have stronger arms first... brushing hair and then teethbrushing, then practice writing. i was ambidextrous as a child but became more dependent on my right hand side (or just lazy lol) but have done all above in recent years :)
254	adjudicated	1	lpt: start using netflix for dvds. they have just about everything including tons of more obscure stuff that doesn't stream anywhere. if they go, we're fucked.
255	adjudicated	1	mushroom trip in the forest
256	adjudicated	1	establish a daily routine that you can keep doing during your stressful time. drink water as soon as you wake up. go on a walk or yoga or whatever excercise you enjoy. do small things, everyday, at the time you'll need to do them when you are on the stressful schedule. build the habit and it will serve you.
257	adjudicated	1	lpt: if you always wanted to be slightly ambidextrous - break your dominant arm.
258	adjudicated	1	i was born left handed so jokes on you i had to be ambidextrous or risk death
259	adjudicated	1	you can find it at dvd.netflix.com
260	adjudicated	1	wait until you hear about this thing called blockbuster
261	adjudicated	1	imagine traveling at the speed of light, essentially instantaneous to human perception, but it still takes 16.3 million years to get from one side to the other. that's unimaginably huge.
262	adjudicated	1	that sounds insane. but is the 16.3m ly including the lobes/plumes?
263	adjudicated	1	thats crazy - considering andromeda is fairly big at 220,000 ly across.. and this one is 16.3 million ly across
264	adjudicated	1	"orbital *resonance* creates exceptions. pluto and neptune are in a 3:2 orbital resonance which prevents close encounters. pluto just got ""lucky"" settling into a stable orbit where neptune is always going to miss it. it gets to ""stay in the neighborhood"" by always being ""on the other side of the street"". if this new object is not in such a resonance then sooner or later it will end up on the wrong side of the street and lose a fight to neptune."
265	adjudicated	1	by the logic of orbital dominance, shouldn't neptune also be demoted to be a dwarf planet since it has failed to kick pluto out of its orbital path?
266	adjudicated	1	"it was the 9th ""planet"" by order of discovery and more distant than neptune at time of discovery, but if you count it as a planet and count the planets by distance from the sun, pluto was indeed the *8th* planet between 1979 and 1999 when it crossed neptune's orbit. this is of course also why it lost classical planetary status under the new definition and is now considered a dwarf planet. pluto and other kbo's like this do not meet the ""orbital dominance"" criteria of the new definition. they do not ""clear their neighborhood"" through the kuiper belt and would be heavily perturbed by an encounter with neptune."
267	adjudicated	1	"the ban on heliocentrism was largely because of galileo's writings being seen as contradicting scripture. the attack on copernicism in 1616 was prompted by galileo's writings. moreover, it made a number of invalid assumptions (including that the stars must be orbiting the earth because they don't appear to move, when in reality they are simply extremely distant and parallax is in fact a thing, though it wasn't measured for two centuries). in february 1616, the inquisition assembled a committee of theologians, known as qualifiers, who delivered their unanimous report condemning heliocentrism as ""foolish and absurd in philosophy, and formally heretical since it explicitly contradicts in many places the sense of holy scripture."" kepler figuring out that the planets had elliptical orbits in the 1620s pretty much was the realistic end of heliocentrism, and once newton's physical laws of gravitation were discovered by the late 17th century, there was a mechanism as well."
268	adjudicated	1	well, as i understand it there were kinda two stages to the galileo affair. first was the edict to stop teaching heliocentrism. that was partly based on supposed contradictions with scripture, but mostly because the evidence (mainly stellar parallax) was against it. then galileo kept writing about it and teaching it while painting the pope as an idiot, so they put him under house arrest. that second part was pretty much dumb politics, but the initial edict was mostly based on science
269	adjudicated	1	well, the biggest reason was that galileo sort of implied that the pope was simple-minded.
270	adjudicated	1	"""i have a foreboding of an america in my children's or my grandchildren's time when the united states is a service and information economy; when nearly all the key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness. the dumbing down of america is most evident in the slow decay of substantative content in the enormously influential media, the 30-second sound bites (now down to 10 seconds or less), lowest common denominator programming, credulous presentations on pseudoscience and superstition, but especially a kind of celebration of ignorance."" \- also carl sagan"
271	adjudicated	2	so he's anti-vax
272	adjudicated	1	i love it, alot of people hate it. i think big air skiing and snowboarding is made for cool city venues like this. the only thing that would make it better is if they had the panda mascot bing dwen dwen under the olympic rings
273	adjudicated	1	those cooling towers have made for such a strange, striking visual.
274	adjudicated	1	shaq owns like 115 five guys franchises...which is about 15% of their total franchises. so he can feed himself with burgers and fries forever.
275	adjudicated	1	shaq still worked hard. just not to kobe's insane standards, because shaq likes to enjoy himself. i wouldn't want shaq to lose what made us fall in love with him.
276	adjudicated	1	awesome jump
277	adjudicated	1	wait thats actually where the ramp is?!!!!! bruhh i thought it was photoshop
278	adjudicated	1	i love the interview with kobe where he said if shaq had his work ethic he'd be the greatest player of all time and it wouldn't be close.
279	adjudicated	2	are they holding this event inside a nuclear power plant? does mr. burns know?
280	adjudicated	1	"""don't take nothing else from strangers""... after he gives the kid a bike man is awesome. see his business podcasts, such a smart guy."
281	adjudicated	2	those landfills aren't gonna fill themselves.
282	adjudicated	3	because of the packaging waste.
283	adjudicated	1	hmmm 1. odd numbers are bad luck (appearance) 2. makes 1 whole sandwich with a spare... why? (design) 3. it costs like a dollar a loaf... 50cents for 3 is outrageous (financially) 4. wasteful packaging (environment) probably cost more for the store to pay someone to package and handle it... the to give that away. some crazy times ahead!
284	adjudicated	1	alas, rome has fallen again.
285	adjudicated	1	not after the reddit hug of death!
286	adjudicated	1	future marine
287	adjudicated	1	tide pods has entered the chat.
288	adjudicated	1	even knowing its soap, i kind of still want to eat it
289	adjudicated	1	"stupid question from a nonnative speaker perhaps but i have never heard ""is ended"" and it sounds wrong to me. i would have either said ""has ended"" or ""is finished"" or ""is ending"" depending on what i want to say. is this a normal sentence or intentionally wrong? if it is a normal sentence does it just mean ""the war is coming to an end"" or something else?"
290	adjudicated	1	my dad took a bite out of a decorative apple in a shop. when we tried to stop him he just spoke over us saying 'i'll pay for it at the end, they won't mind'. he did mind when he got a mouth full of weird green powdery foam.
291	adjudicated	1	that was painful start to finish. billy bob looks completely unhinged, like a men in black alien wearing a person but also as self important as they come.
292	adjudicated	1	she's always been the sexy one in the family
293	adjudicated	2	Paying people in poor countries to astroturf is nothing new. Right now there is a room full of cheap smart phones, ziptied to boards, with a person in front of it pressing the orange arrow on the reddit posts they were given.
294	adjudicated	1	If you look at any comment section in a Reuters news post right now, especially about the war in Ukraine, you will see a whole host of people ostensibly from Ghana and Nigeria voicing their support for the Russian people and hatred for Western Europe and the US, as well as a bunch of people calling them out on it. It's so weird.
295	adjudicated	3	if you believed that jfk jr. was going to rise from the dead to pronounce that donald trump is actually the president again, you're a dumbfuck. i'm sorry that you found out your family members were stupid, but that's what they were.
296	adjudicated	1	it's not a doc at all. just a short news interview.
297	adjudicated	3	these people were expecting jfk jr to reappear, they are lost
298	adjudicated	3	yeah, hard to support her when she's clearly skewing details. like one interview she said she thought she could just do it for a short time without anyone knowing but she picked the biggest names in the porn industry to do videos for and kept her name after?
299	adjudicated	3	Fun fact: The director of Stop Making Sense later went on to direct Silence of the Lambs
300	adjudicated	1	applicance technician here. after looking back at the data on my 17 years of service calls for residential repairs, it looks like only ~30 of my calls were due to stuck stepsisters. stepmothers made up 45% of calls, but we almost always lost money on these as there were often no parts needed, but only labor. the remaining 25% of calls were for temperature sensor, or door sensor replacement. those were the real money makers. however, those also never lead to getting laid by a damsel in distress.
301	adjudicated	2	this sucks, i have 2 of these that work flawlessly on another note, anyone interested in purchasing some vintage tech?
302	adjudicated	1	that's a solid 10 year run. kudos to apple for supporting it for that long.
303	adjudicated	2	thank you for this comment. for real. i'm so sick of being advertised to constantly. i feel like once i realized it is happening in every single facet of our (american/western) society, i can't get away from it.
304	adjudicated	2	i work in supply chain. the issues are real and not to be downplayed. a 40' container used to cost around $4k. it's now over $25k. the whole supply chain system is backlogged and outdated and in need of a major disruption. edit: rates are from eastern asia to western us
305	adjudicated	2	but what about muh' supply chain issues???? i swear this whole inflation thing is 50/50 a crock of shit.
306	adjudicated	1	1tb yes now i can download 1 game for xbox
307	adjudicated	2	a pity this only applies to the us and not where i'm from. would love an external ssd for storing games that doesn't cost a fortune.
308	adjudicated	2	oof, not sure how home insurance differs in the uk vs the us, but filing a bunch of claims for small damages like a tv in the us against your home insurance seems like a great way to get your policy cancelled.
309	adjudicated	1	"""i can see! i. can. fight!!!"""
310	adjudicated	2	>***metaverse gamers*** crashing into furniture behind increase in home contents claims, says insurer aviva >the trend of crashing into furniture while in ***the metaverse*** provoked a 31% jump in ho- could you ffing not? that isn't a real thing and won't be for the foreseeable future. this buzzword simplifies vr/ar landscape to the point where all it does is creating more confusion for people that doesn't know how vr/ar works. it also feeds into the creation of more misinformation and/or scams when it's combined with current nft craze.
311	adjudicated	1	cool - here's your second!
312	adjudicated	1	i already gave it to the post :) and thanks btw it's my first premium award
313	adjudicated	2	sure, now give me back the free one.
314	adjudicated	1	can i exchange my free award with a gold one admin :)
315	adjudicated	1	old.reddit.com is love. old.reddit.com is life. old.reddit.com accept no substitutes.
316	adjudicated	2	"""all founders want a valuable and easy way to cash out"""
317	adjudicated	1	the best way to reddit is by engaging in communities you love and have interest in. you find you get to know individual users, have funner or even deeper conversations, and engage (usually) in a more civil manner. the bigger subs are fun to check in once in a while and easily ignored when they're going off the rails which is usually once or twice a month. the biggest subs however are repost and crosspost city made only to draw in attention of the outsider, the potential user. /r/all is all about being a twitter/facebook hybrid for new users.
318	adjudicated	1	i feel like spend so much time on here yet i recognized like 2 things lol - is it possible to live under a reddit rock
319	adjudicated	1	10/10 dad joke.
320	adjudicated	1	that's my kink.
321	adjudicated	2	I mean it sucks that it's like that but most if not all of this is just plastic pollution in the ocean making it onto the beach, and that's something we're all contributing to
322	adjudicated	1	chika-chika slim shady
323	adjudicated	1	"damn, thought this was more widely known it's ""soska\_117"" on instagram boys."
324	adjudicated	1	Unlimited data gang
325	adjudicated	2	that's some homer simpson maths right there
326	adjudicated	2	that's a lie!! the dlc's are $500 each - activision
327	adjudicated	2	they were alive hours before they died.
328	adjudicated	2	us doesn't wanna mention two buildings getting airplaned but laughs at hiroshima and nagasaki
329	adjudicated	2	"*pleasure. it would give you *pleasure* to have these things (the dog is both potentially pleasure and happiness but if you had no relationship with the dog, just got it because you could afford it, it wouldn't make you happy) the *lack* of money is the cause of a shit load of suffering and *un*happiness, so it's natural to feel that having loads of money would mean nothing but good times, but that's a big mistake. which is why so many extremely rich people are depressed af, medicated or self medicating with drugs to cope, spending more and more extreme amounts to get the same ""buzz"" but it's not real happiness."
330	adjudicated	2	the greatest human artists going to draw grass because they cannot touch the real grass otherwise (i'm not joking btw, some of them have even sexualized grass)
331	adjudicated	2	yeah seems like karma farming
332	adjudicated	2	so you ate it about 3 hours ago, and they've miraculously cleared the bins after between 7-9pm. yeah, something doesn't add up.
333	adjudicated	1	1080 graphics card an i7 and 8-16 gb ram should work for even heavy modding. just be sure to change the amount of ram minecraft has access to otherwise the game might have a hard time keeping up. i recommend setting it to 6gb instead of the default 1gb.
334	adjudicated	1	mind that minecraft specifically requires a good cpu too
335	adjudicated	2	man im right there with you. i figured 2 minutes would kill her because it nearly killed me. how wrong i was.
336	adjudicated	2	4 minute plank? my life could be on the line and i wouldn't make it past 2 minutes, but your 8 year old with abs of steel can do 4 minutes for a computer. i need to rethink some life choices.
337	adjudicated	1	i love your daughter lol i wish i had her determination and strength.
338	adjudicated	1	well, if he can get his hands on a 3050, bless him lol. or any good gpu really. that said, if his kid wants to go ham on mods, she will likely need some extra juice.
339	adjudicated	2	a 1080 is way above mid tier lmao
340	adjudicated	1	mine sells dab rigs, grinders and cigar wraps but no smokes
341	adjudicated	1	"""i am here. i am not a dog."""
342	adjudicated	1	was expecting something else based on your username.
343	adjudicated	1	infamous pewdiepie bridge encounter?
344	adjudicated	1	nice job - you nailed the lighting and overall tone!
345	adjudicated	1	"bottom left like ""hey! that's gandalf!"""
346	adjudicated	1	i giggled once i found him
347	adjudicated	1	great perspective on this one lmao
348	adjudicated	1	Haha wow! I knew I recognized that expression. Good shop and interpretation.
349	adjudicated	1	No reflection in the van window, nice touch.
350	adjudicated	1	Arms too wide apart, elbows need to be in more... This guy is getting strapped to the end of a cannon.
351	adjudicated	2	i can completely buy it. this is totally a putin move. making the world run around and panic about wwiii without actually *doing* anything is exactly the sort of thing he would do.
352	adjudicated	1	saurik is a hero, held us all down with the first iphone jailbreak, and to this day virtually all the jailbreaks install cydia and it's repositories. he knew it was valuable to stick it to apple and their closed architecture bs hail saurik
353	adjudicated	1	yeah, excuse me while i don't buy this for a minute.
354	adjudicated	1	military-industrial complex go brrrrrr
355	adjudicated	1	"so when does florida secede from the nation? their ""don't say gay"" bill seems at odds with this"
356	adjudicated	1	china enters the chat
357	adjudicated	1	it would those countries' leadership and enforcers, on paper. the list will be assembled by the president and a group of advisors, so we'll see if they have the guts to include the leadership.
358	adjudicated	1	science is a scam, we can't see atoms so they don't exist wake up america /s
359	adjudicated	1	we'll sell em rockets though
360	adjudicated	2	so does this mean no more immigration from many muslim countries where homosexuality is a capitol offense? or places like china or russia, who view it very similarly?
361	adjudicated	2	especially when that person is yourself.
362	adjudicated	1	or prepare, don't oversell yourself, find ways to improve yourself without being dishonest to people and guess what...you still grow.
363	adjudicated	1	i did that and burned out due to constant stress about not knowing wtf i was doing. 4 months on and if i so much as hear the word 'work', my heart rate instantly doubles. so, ymmv.
364	adjudicated	2	no, please don't do shit you're under-qualified for, is in the word, you're not supposed to be there.
365	adjudicated	1	this is how i want my surgeon to feel
366	adjudicated	1	it's an easy detour from fake it until you make it to imposter syndrome city. keep growing and maintain your confidence ahead of those doubts
367	adjudicated	1	but comfort is comfortable
368	adjudicated	1	yes, he's a flawed man. he still rocks this life, and i don't know how anyone can argue with that.
369	adjudicated	1	as a kid in hs, i used to be the top guy in the comment. but then i started hanging out with the special education kids at lunch and learned how wrong i was. now, as an adult i've spent my entire career working in special education classrooms across three school districts while working in mental health simultaneously and i love it. you really see how awesome these guys are, and how much harder life is for them, yet they still smile and push on. it changes you for the better. if you're a good human, you'll grow. if you suck, you'll double-down and never change.
370	adjudicated	2	arnold was married to the daughter (maria shriver) of the woman who created the special olympics (eunice kennedy shriver) so it was always going to be a bad idea to say something like this to him
371	adjudicated	1	so this is what happens when the earth stops spinning, right!?
372	adjudicated	3	y'all bullied this man so bad he went and redid the whole thing
373	adjudicated	3	where's the legend? i can make some assumptions, but they'd be just that.
374	adjudicated	3	i'm not even going to bother trying to understand this graph.
375	adjudicated	3	why yes, colorism absolutely exists. i'm surprised this is the only comment that even remotely alludes to it.
376	adjudicated	3	important to note that this is the distribution of skin tone that hispanics think that they have. curious if social pressure skews the perception lighter or darker than the actual. ?
377	adjudicated	1	>in my case though, even if technically i am latino, i feel more identified with my nationality, latin america is just too big and diverse to group us all together and label us simply as latinos. this is how it used to work with europeans too.
378	adjudicated	1	pretty freaking impressive for the steelers to not just be the only team over .500, but also the only team over .400.
379	adjudicated	2	"that's actually hilarious. arabs and turks are like ""wtf, the one chance at diversity in germany and we get left out..."""
380	adjudicated	2	">this suggests that instead of 'assimilating into whiteness' or identifying as one of the established races in american statistical collection, many latinos are just throwing their hands in the air and rejecting race as a label completing, as calling themselves latino only this is exactly how i feel, i'm a mestizo from chile and i have quite a hard time feeling any connection to ""whiteness"" or to being indigenous. in my case though, even if technically i am latino, i feel more identified with my nationality, latin america is just too big and diverse to group us all together and label us simply as latinos. maybe this is different for people of latin american descent living in the us, i wouldn't know."
381	adjudicated	2	yo lowkey shoutout to that operator for not only entertaining childhood shenanigans but for giving kinda straight advice.
382	adjudicated	1	one time, i was playing at the neighbors house and we called the operator and asked if they can connect us to mary kate and ashley. she told us it was a private number and we would have to get in contact with their agent or manager.
383	adjudicated	1	this would fit well in scott pilgrim
384	adjudicated	1	opeth - blackwater park, hands down.
385	adjudicated	1	dan the automator is an american treasure.
386	adjudicated	3	fucking kool keith.
387	adjudicated	1	thanks for posting!
388	adjudicated	1	you made the right choice
389	adjudicated	1	what does it say about me that i ignored every song/video post in this sub for years and years but this one i couldn't resist clicking
390	adjudicated	1	"""we need to seek out a particular race/ethnicity of artist to promote them to then prove that they're capable of excellence like any other artists who aren't promoted by virtue of their skin color"" don't you see how circular your reasoning is? just let it happen, don't try to force it."
391	adjudicated	2	jews followed a few traditions that in effect were more hygienic than their gentile neighbors... for one, quarantining the sick/ unwell has been a jewish tradition extending even to menstruating women being confined to shacks even in old testament times. ritual bathing traditions meant jews would bathe far more on average than their gentile neighbors. in the era shortly before the plague, many catholic societies started believing that cats were evil pests that report directly to the man downstairs, and many were killed on sight/ for sport... which the local rodent populations and the plague carrying fleas that came with them greatly appreciated.. meanwhile, the jews were still cool with cats, to the dismay of rodents and their parasites. furthermore, medieval anti-semitic prejudices often led to jews being forcibly segregated away from gentile communities, leading to a reduction of their risk of transmission since they lived in separate communities removed from the hot-zones of plague transmission. of course, when gentiles saw everyone around them but the jews dying in the thousands, they quickly wised up and worked with the jews to figure out ways to help them reduce plague in their own communities.... lmao! just kidding... they blamed the jews for the plague itself and massacred them by the thousands!
392	adjudicated	1	i heard a story that a bunch of sailors from iceland contracted the plague while in norway. their ship was supposed to sail back to iceland, but the sailors chose to stay (and die) in norway rather than risk bringing it back to icelandic shores. the black death never reached iceland. (plague eventually got there but it was like 50 years later.)
393	adjudicated	3	between your initial post and this comment chain, i can tell you that it is no simple task deciphering wtf you're even saying.
394	adjudicated	1	I watched a documentary on the ancient Polynesians. It kinda answered my question. Thanks!
395	adjudicated	1	the polish king, casimir the great, implemented quarantine in affected cities, so that could be a factor. poland was also less urbanized and more sparsely populated, especially after repeated mongol raids and civil wars. in later centuries, the black death hit poland very hard, especially during the deluge of the mid-17th century and the great northern war.
396	adjudicated	1	it has been a mystery that some areas, like italy, were devastated by the black death, yet others, like poland, seem to be relatively unaffected. the popular theory is that less is known about poland than italy, so poland's devastation was unrecorded. it could, however, be if this paper is true that many regions were unaffected. if these differences in the plague's mortality are established, we can then move on to find out why it happened.
397	adjudicated	1	"life must have been crazy before clocks. ""you're late. you were supposed to be here *before*."" ""sorry, i thought we were supposed to meet *later.* but since it's *now*, i'm actually early."""
398	adjudicated	1	the short version is that they didn't use them. for most of antiquity, the day was broken up between before noon and after noon. sundials and the like have existed for almost all of societal history but they weren't really ever in widespread use in antiquity.
399	adjudicated	1	as to your last point, a clock that is accurate at sea is essential for calculating longitude, but that problem wasn't solved until the 1750s, so i'm not sure that counts as antiquity.
400	adjudicated	2	great now do the same article but for lawmakers with financial interests in prison labour.
401	adjudicated	2	> common sense and expert opinion are seen to reign supreme hah!
402	adjudicated	1	"in this interview, philosopher slavoj zizek explains how ideologies are part of our material practices, rather than some sort of psychological condition or state. ideology, he argues, is part of our reality. identifying the start of the 90s as the point at which the developed west ostensibly moved beyond the era of ideologies with the end of communism, zizek claims that even in the current period in which common sense and expert opinion are seen to reign supreme, still ideological influence persists. ""we are effectively in an era of cynicism as a form of ideology,"" he claims suggesting that even the rational advice of experts is framed within an existing system and carries 'secret biases'. zizek argues that the modern mantra of tackling practical problems first and foremost makes for a dangerous circumstance, with ideologies already present in the definition of problems. he goes on to discuss the demystification of political authority with the rise of populism, and how it has led to a role reversal between the political left and right, and how capitalism has reinvented itself in the wake of the pandemic."
403	adjudicated	1	ppl seem to think that stoicism is about shutting down emotions but afaik it's basically a way to cope with things out of one's control.
404	adjudicated	2	"can we please stop with the horribly blatant psuedoscience? philosophy is a field of study that is not ""just try to move dots around until the picture it creates is something you like"" in the same sense that i wouldn't want a brain surgeon to tell me what is wrong with my dog, or a vet to operate on my brain, philosophers really need to stop looking to (quantum/theoretical) physics to find a bad argument as to why their philosophical thought is totally legit because *science*."
405	adjudicated	2	you are too polite, imo. the states reached via minimum/maximum principles are in no sense optima. they are just the state that systems tend to. making value judgments about that state is ridiculous anthropomorphism.
406	adjudicated	1	"it is a stretch to say that nature seeking an optimal state (minimum or maximum in terms of energy) is the ""best world"". the title is a bit misleading as one might think ""best world"" refers to what is best for life or humans."
407	adjudicated	1	was douglas adams right? is time really just the universe's way of making sure everything doesnt happen at once?
408	adjudicated	1	"i like this. it reminds me of ""sonder"". the realization that everyone else is living a life as vividly and complex as your own. to most people, you're not even a back story character; not even a blur from a passing vehicle. you will never exist to them. it might sound simple, but we tend to live and act like this isnt the case"
409	adjudicated	1	"i love this article. it's hard to conceive of time outside of its unfurling before us, or appearing to unfurl before us. one example that's always stuck with me with respect to this concept of ""tenseless"" time: imagine you're walking down a road. that's you, experiencing time, one moment at a time. things enter and exit your awareness - trees, passers by, clouds, birds, etc. as they enter your vision, it seems that they are coming into existence. as you pass them by, it appears they are ceasing to exist. but in reality, the things you experience on the road were there before you experienced them. let's say there's a mountain 100 miles down the road. it's already there, but you just haven't seen it yet. when the mountain comes into view, you might say that it has come into existence. your existence. this is how time exists. it's an extension of space. the time coordinate of a thing is another descriptor or property of the thing. right now, i am at x latitude and y longitude. and perhaps z height as well, in space, in the universe. but your place in time is similarly a property of you and your experience. we're just not very good at conceiving of future places in time, in the same way that an ant crawling on a piece of paper might not realize that it has a height dimension and can be rolled into a tube. the future is already there, just like the past. we're just locked into this road journey."
410	adjudicated	1	i would even say that stoics try to learn from criticism rather than that they try to ignore it. marcus aurelius famously even surrounded himself by people that often didn't agreed with him, because this way he would be triggered daily to reflect.
411	adjudicated	1	in his defense, he's lost a lot of blood
412	adjudicated	2	they'll need to since we've lost a few dancers already.
413	adjudicated	2	this series was better than all the marvel disney+ series tbh.
414	adjudicated	1	hope they do a new dance for the season 2 opening credits
415	adjudicated	1	super glad to hear this! i need more of vigilante in my life
416	adjudicated	2	**do you really wanna, do you really wanna taste it**
417	adjudicated	2	You can't just make a first season ending on a cliffhanger and call it an anthology or limited series because you don't want to get yelled at if you cancel it.
418	adjudicated	1	yes, we do really want to taste it. excellent news.
419	adjudicated	1	"gunn will write and direct every s2 episode james gunn: >""creating 'peacemaker' has been one of the true highlights of my life, both professionally and otherwise, with john cena and the incredible creative team around me, as well as our partners at hbo max. to have something we all love so much be loved by the audience in turn has been a wonderful experience. i can't wait for folks to see where team peacemaker goes in season two!"" john cena: >""learning about and eventually becoming #peacemaker was an exercise in exploring the fun and absolutely genius mind of james gunn. it's been a privilege to work on this show and with the cast, crew and hbo max team. elated to say we'll be back to create more peace for season 2!"" the s1 finale airs tomorrow!"
420	adjudicated	1	you don't think luke realized his mistake when his attachment to his sister caused him to tap into the dark side and overwhelm vader? you saw the shock and realization on his face when it clicked in his mind that it leads to the same path his father went down. he even tossed away his lightsaber to cement the lesson he learned. he already failed the lesson about attachments once when he rushed to cloud city and lost a hand. he finally understood in the throne room.
421	adjudicated	1	the real homepage was the friends you made along the way
422	adjudicated	1	are you asking how to set a homepage?
423	adjudicated	1	has been my homepage for the last 6 years, i love it.
424	adjudicated	1	i prefer whattimeisitrightnow.com
425	adjudicated	2	hahah, hope not!
426	adjudicated	2	great, can't wait for someone to start selling their work as nfts
427	adjudicated	2	and people say the vikings never win anything
428	adjudicated	2	i just wanna say, shoutout to philly for not driving under the influence and not participating in domestic abuse. only team that did that.
429	adjudicated	2	do you feel like your job gives you unreasonably low stress levels? jack those numbers up you big baby! op has just what you need. life and death stress with every sloc! call today and receive lifelong ptsd for no extra cost!
430	adjudicated	1	this is awesome! title's confusing
431	adjudicated	2	"if water levels get too low in a nearby reservoir, they just turn off the water early and lawns go brown. a significant portion of utah is in the ""great basin"" where all water that falls for hundreds of miles ends up in the great salt lake instead of the ocean. our policy in the great basin seems to be to grow the population and not make any changes until the salt lake is empty. currently it's at its lowest level in generations in part because of the drought, but also because we refuse to make meaningful reductions in water use."
432	adjudicated	2	im starting to think oat milk is superior
433	adjudicated	2	i live in vegas, we only use 4% of the water from lake mead and most of that gets recycled. it's cali using most of it for farm land and arizona for whatever.
434	adjudicated	2	"i live in utah, the second driest us state behind nevada. my town has no metered water for ""secondary"" use, which is basically lawn use. i pay $130/year for effectively as much water as i can possibly use for my lawn. we need serious water use reforms in my state, and the west in general."
435	adjudicated	2	how dare you suggest we stop growing so many almonds! how else will we get our milk. /s
436	adjudicated	2	hey, are they still using gobs of water to grow almonds in the desert down there? is that still considered smart, if so?
437	adjudicated	1	this likely shouldn't be called a drought anymore, we should consider this the beginning of aridification for many regions
438	adjudicated	2	"can we be honest? fundamentally, there's no international body with the authority/will to ""ban"" autonomous weapon systems given that the nations with veto power over such agreements are the very same ones aggressively pursuing the technology. there's no scenario where military powers see a massive force multiplying technology that their (generally world order skirting) rivals are clearly investing heavily in and allow themselves to fall behind."
439	adjudicated	2	the only thing to stop a bad killer robot is a good killer robot.
440	adjudicated	1	this would be the equivalent of banning nuclear weapons prior to their creation. it's the best thing for humanity but to not pursue them while your adversary does would put you at a major disadvantage.
441	adjudicated	1	"loved it! soon as you said he was sweating, i figured something was off with javin. one small thing, though, this line: ruben shot up. ""i will not have you casting aspirations on my wife!"" not to be pedantic, and maybe it was a spell checker, but i think you were looking for ""aspersions"", no? lys kinda reminds me of my wife, lol"
442	adjudicated	1	fun story! i like the dialogue tags when ruben zones back into javin's voice. i'll have to try that sometime.
443	adjudicated	2	oh good. it's a chillingly dystopian utopia. everything is perfect because every imperfection is *purged mercilessly*
444	adjudicated	2	"""welcome back to world wide news, i'm your host, amanda klein. for those of you just joining us, a man in the seattle area spilt a glass of milk today. we don't have all of the details yet, but genetics expert dr. nathan stewart is here with us today to help us better understand the problem."" ""thanks for having me amanda."" ""dr. stewart, could you tell us how this could have possibly happened?"" ""well i have a couple of working theories. the first is that this man was born the old way. what this means is that this individuals parents could have had sexual relations in an attempt to have a human child, leaving his entire personality, physicality, and everything else in between up to chance."" ""i didn't even know that was an option."" ""yes, well, most don't. people in the field have thought that we evolved beyond that primitive need a long time ago. my second, and quite frankly more likely theory, is simply that whoever chose this man's genes accidently chose one that was more prone to twitching, or tripping, or not paying attention to his surroundings than they should have. it's hard to say exactly which one it could be is before a report comes out."" ""well this is unsettling news, to say the least. i never dreamed i'd have to report on something like this."" ""well i wouldn't worry too much about this amanda, we do have procedure in place to handle this sort of thing."" ""i think i know what you're talking about, but could you remind me in case our audience is unaware."" ""certainly. obviously, this man is a danger in our world. today, a glass of spilt milk, but what tomorrow? bumping into his neighbor? not noticing a little girl out on the street while he's driving? in order to prevent this, we seclude people like him off from the rest of the world to ensure that he can't be a danger to anyone. then, we get our best geneticists on the job to see which part of his dna cause this malfunction, and we ensure it's never used in another living organism again. it's a bit of a barbaric practice, i must admit, but it's the best solution we have for the time being."" ""well it looks like we're running out of time for this segment, but it's been great having you on today dr. stewart."" ""thank you for having me, it's been a pleasure."" ""if you know anyone who you suspect might have some faulty genetics, please call us at our hotline number, which is available 24 hours a day, at 1-800-555-4363. again, that's 1-800-555-gene. up next, how you can make your 3 minute 30 second mile time even shorter. stay tuned."""
445	adjudicated	2	"""who am i speaking with?"" you say holding your bible in one hand and a crucifix in the other. ""identify yourself!"" the woman strapped to the kitchen chair stops convulsing and turns her eyes to you, glowing with an unnatural light. a loud sigh, reminiscent of a poorly tuned diesel engine escapes her lips. ""it's still shaggroth."" ""god dammit!!"" ""hey dude, not cool. you oughta know better "" you pinch the bridge of your nose and exhale loudly. ""yeah i know shaggroth. you're not helping!"" the woman's eyes stop glowing for a second. ""oh hi, i'm so sorry, it's melissa. i'm back again too."" you plop down in an adjacent seat mumbling to yourself, ""this doesn't make any sense. the incantation was perfect the vessel was primed....it should've worked flawlessly..."" shaggroth's rumble is back, ""what turning it off then back on again?"" ""she's not a fucking computer shaggroth! jesus christ!"" ""dude! not. cool."" ""gah! look hellspawn..."" ""hey!"" ""not you melissa!"" ""oh sorry."" ""okay, lemme run through this again. melissa, you acquired the vessel containing shaggroth at a antique store a few days ago right? ""i think so? the timing is a bit fuzzy honestly. i remember the store, and looking around. i saw the cute jar on a shelf..."" ""it's not cute! it is one of the finest possession traps crafted by the damned ever made!"" ""then why does it look like a kitten with a bow?"" ""shut up! it works okay?!?"" ""knock it off you two! melissa, please continue."" ""like i said i saw the kitten on the shelf, and all of a sudden there was a sharp pain behind my eyes. i remember swaying a bit, some flashing lights and people telling me to hold on.....oh! and then there was a long monotonous beep and i heard a voice say something about a intramural annual scrimmage. next thing i remember is being back home in bed."" ""intramural annual scrimmage? that doesn't make any sense. what would sports have to do...."" you stop mid sentence when it hits you. ""do you mean intracranial aneurysm?"" ""that's it! yes, that's what the floating voice said."" ""are you freaking kidding me?!?"" you scream as you throw the bible across the kitchen. ""whoa dude, i think you need to calm down. leave melissa alone."" ""can it shaggroth! the reason you stay in the body and melissa gets punted out every time i perform the ritual? she died at the exact moment you possessed her! she's not supposed to be in her body anymore. the ritual sees her as the demon and you as the rightful inhabitant."" ""so what does that mean?"" shaggroth and melissa ask at the same time. ""well honestly? i have no idea. that's above my pay grade. i'm sorry, at this stage i can't help you. here's the direct line to the spiritual inconvenience department at the vatican. hopefully they can help you. i'll be going now."" you undo the straps holding shaggroth/melissa to the chair and start gathering your holy items and return them to your case. on the way out you stop and turn, ""oh and here's your invoice. have a good day"". as you walk out of the house shaggroth/melissa stare at you slack jawed. just as you close the door you hear, ""wow, what a dick."" ""i know right? i am so leaving a one star review."""
446	adjudicated	2	that was a ride. it's incredibly dark and shows mankind at their worst and in a twisted irony also at their best. the message for me is, that there is no message. sometimes humanity just sucks, being human just sucks because you make mistakes and you have to make choices and sometimes all the options are horrible. there is no moral to learn here because history repeats itself as it always has and people make mistakes as they always have and then try to cover them up in the false sense that it will make it all better again. trapped in the illusion that everything will return to how it was before. very well written. thank you for sharing
447	adjudicated	2	"""you know and understand pain,"" tom speaks in a neutral tone distorted by the microphone, no word is accentuated more than another. he doesn't seem to register that you cannot answer, neither with your mouth or through gesture. ""in fact, no one knows pain better than you."" you're blindfolded, for your own psychological well-being. the world is easier in the dark than under the spotlight. you remember the white room, the smell of medical alcohol, the pricks of needles. it is still there. from the relative seclusion of your tank, you know tubes still enter your veins, can feel the rods in your back through the anesthetic. ""i readjusted the dosage, i hope you feel better,"" tom's voice goes in through a speaker, it is the only person speaking to you. the others think you can't hear them anymore, or rather, they convinced themselves you cannot. it's easier to go on with their job believing your consciousness is long gone, that your body lives without your mind. it wasn't for lack of trying, old scientists with glasses can be surprisingly creative when it comes to killing. first they gave you a drug and your heart stopped beating. they awaited the death of your brain for reanimation, this way they got to do science, not torture. then they decided to take over your vital functions one after the other, until your consciousness retreated forever in a dark corner. the tube in your nose gives you the oxygen, the tank both fully restrains and moves your limbs around to keep the flesh healthy. but your brain pulled through, so did your consciousness. torture became alright in the name of science and humanity. ""i heard south africa has pulled through, cape town and pretoria are still more or less functional. we will see the end of it, i promise we will,"" there, a hint of tearing up. not a single day goes by without you wishing for death. or what passes as a day in the dark, you lost the feeling of passing time and of yourself, except for pain. there. a burn, a bit, a sudden and violent tear, quickly soothed by the liquid going through your veins, and forgotten. ""i did it as fast as i can."" a life can be worth nothing, or it can be worthy enough to inspire a religion. yours is the only one that is both. when the dead rose, a group of scientists was quickly pointed out as responsible. they didn't deny it, science went wrong. you ran for your life like everyone did, you stumbled, you fell, and they gnawed at you, the vicious, rotten mouths... suddenly turning back to life. the first you saved were quickly eaten by the risen dead right behind them, and you would have died from blood-loss if it wasn't for the keen eyes of a child who witnesses the strange happenings from a distance. you're called a miracle from god. you, better than all, know there is no god. you knew from the moment the convicted scientists pointed out the facility used to create the virus was the only one with the machinery to keep you alive in a way to spread the serum to all the infected. ""i can't look people in the eyes anymore."" outside, they call the day you were carried to the underground facility a holy day, when you gave your life to save all of them. how many of them remember how you screamed and trashed against your chains? how many know the scientists working on you were the same who released the virus, believing to better mankind? it's easier to believe god intervened and forget the rest. belief. the tank, the drugs, the pain, all brought by someone else's belief. you lost yours long ago. here you are now. fed intravenously with substances made to help you grow the flesh back at a fast rate, a single being feeding billions of infected worldwide. ""it's going forward, one day it'll be over. it has to be. someone please tell me it will be,"" tom's voice sounds less robotic. you'd love to go insane or die, your idiot brain won't let you. they call you a martyr who will sit next to god. you wish for an afterlife to exist, if only to meet your zealots and show them how much you suffer. ""they grow restless. my colleagues. they know we'll only get to live for as long as we're needed. once it's over, there will be payback. it won't be pretty. we fear both the virus we unleashed and the end of it."" tom. you learned to pity the poor soul. he's the reason the group was spotted, he's the whistleblower, because he has a conscience, because he couldn't silence it. he can't ignore how you're still alive and thinking in there, it's his curse, just like miraculous flesh is yours. you're his morality pet. the kindness of words and voice he gives you is the only way to keep his tenuous grasp on sanity intact. it won't last long. you've heard him lose the soothing tone, the nihilism creeping into his words. for the rare times you hear his colleagues when they speak near the microphone, you know they are alright. they speak of everything and nothing, you're just an object with an assigned number. but tom, he has a heart, his sins weight on his shoulders. ""i'm thinking about you in there, okay? i won't forget you."" and that is why he's condemned to go insane in the end, the price to pay for empathy. from your tank, you can appreciate the dark irony. it's the only thing you can do."
448	adjudicated	2	you are lucky i dont have my pun hammer on hand today.
449	adjudicated	2	"""huh, well that's not terribly reassuring."" the words ""very special episode"" echoed in your mind as your first waking thought, much as every other day for as long as you could remember. a title for the day to come ahead, as it were. sometimes these titles gave valuable insight in to things you might want to try and avoid or seek out, but sometimes they were about as helpful as an anti-vaxxer in a pandemic. titles often repeated, *not very imaginative are we mister life narrator?* you'd often thought to yourself, but then written it down in your journal and carried on with your day. actually, repeated titles were the norm at this point, after 29 years on this planet with a title a day for your entire life originality was non-existent. today though? today was new. new was exciting. new was scary. new needed an extra shot of espresso in your first cup of coffee of the day. february 14th, the calendar on your phone said. oh yeah, valentine's day. maybe you'd finally find that special someone who might last longer than a second date? someone who didn't just want you to pay for their dinner while they went to 'powder their nose' all too literally several times through the course of a meal out in a fancy restaurant. maybe it was the opposite. maybe you'd realise that you'd be forever alone, or eat the best burrito of your life, or join that trashy looking mid-20s woman in doing the fattest line of cocaine of your life and turning your whole existence to shit by crashing your car into a police station. who knows? you'd decided that uninformative titles were bullshit years ago, and today was unlikely to change that mindset. it was monday anyway, and due to the vagaries of your job's working hours today was the end of a rare long weekend for you. yesterday had been a hangover day, sat eating chips rewatching a series you'd seen about fifteen times on netflix, regretting, as usual, your impulse to drink away a day that had started with a title that summed up your life in one simple phrase. saturday's title had been ""a surprise at the club."" sunday's title had been ""time to go back to the std clinic!"", which really summed up just how badly saturday had gone, and just how unhelpful these ""titles"" could really be for your life. surprise indeed. today was a new day though, and it couldn't really be much worse than the last two, so with a renewed spring in your step and caffeine slowly clearing some of the fogginess away, you set out to get some breakfast from your favourite local delicatessen. ""huh, closed. maybe bob has a date or something. rather him than me if my love life's anything to go by."" it looked like the options were either mcdonalds, subway, or maybe that new sandwich shop just down the road that'd opened recently. as you were walking along the eerily quiet sidewalk, you couldn't help but feel like you were missing or forgetting something. even if the titles were a bit cryptic at times, and you were absolutely sure that no one else experienced them, they usually gave you *some* direction. you tried to think back over the last few days, had anything unusual stood out? sadly the cocaine wasn't that unusual, or any of the hookers. it was a sad existence living your life by an arbitrary title that your probably-a-mental-illness was creating for you every day. nothing jumped out at you until you thought about that morning. yeah, a strong coffee was always great, but it wasn't your alarm that woke you up was it? it was a day off so you hadn't set one but you were sure something had woken you up. something tickling at the edge of your mind, something important. the street was still quite empty. completely empty actually. how long had you been stuck in your thoughts? *huh, the new place is closed too, what's going on?* then a title popped up. wait, what? titles only appeared at the start of the day, never midway through. you were that distracted you could have missed it, but you never missed titles, they were too important. *bang* oh yeah. that was what had woken you up this morning, a gunshot. second title of the day: ""what are you missing? try again"" ##### ""huh, well that's not terribly reassuring."" the words ""very special episode"" echoed in your mind as your first waking thought"
450	adjudicated	2	"this was not the tinder date i'd expected. i always thought sacrificial virgins were female. yeah, i was strapped to an altar, naked as a jaybird, my hands and feet, my neck and hips, bound by straps attached to the sides of the slab. only my jaw and mouth were untouched, i guess so they could hear my screams of pain and terror. the cult leader intoned the rite to summon forth the demon that they worshiped. damned rite worked, too, because a large flame erupted at my feet and a creature nearly eight feet tall appeared within it. almost immediately, the smell of sulphur reached my nose. what a stink. ""oh mighty dlanod, we offer unto you this virgin as a sacrifice to appease you. accept it from your humble servants!"" the creature turned to me and smiled, licking his lips as he noticed that i wasn't what he expected. i guess he was accustomed to female type virgin sacrifices. ""what is this? you call this a virgin sacrifice?"" ""it was the best we could do, your mightiness. you barely accepted our last virgin sacrifice."" ""a four-year-old child isn't much of a sacrifice! tasty, yes, but an hour later, i was hungry again!"" ""hey, demon-guy,"" i shouted. ""how about i make you a better offer?"" the demon looked at me with a raised eye-ridge. ""a better offer?"" ""yeah. a better offer."" ""what type of offer?"" ""ask yourself, exactly why do demons want virgin females as sacrifices?"" ""oh, the exquisite flavor as we rip their souls from their bodies is beyond compare."" ""you're a demon! do you know what that flavor is? it's the flavor of their terror and screaming! i know jack the ripper was a demon, and he loved ripping the souls of the least pure women in lodon."" he looked thoughtful, nodded, and came to the conclusion that i was hoping he would: the flavor is in the terror, not the purity. or, in this case, pure terror was the actual flavor he really enjoyed. ""i offer up for your dining pleasure this room full of your disciples. they will scream to, pardon the expression, high heaven as you take their souls, one by one. the flavor will be their screams as the tides turn against them. they did not come here to sacrifice themselves. if you don't believe me, try him,"" pointing to the demon priest. i won't go into detail on how the sacrifice worked, but there was a reason sacrifices were always naked. it took dlanod on a few minutes to perform his part of the ritual: only a few drops of blood could be found around as he devoured the priest's body and soul. oh, the screams were loud as they resounded around the room. they were followed by more screams as he attacked others in the flock. after consuming a half-dozen of his worshipers, he looked at me with a satisfied smile on his face. he walked over to me and brought his clawed fingers down in an arc that i accepted as being a prelude to my time on this earth. instead, his claws split the bonds that held me. ""you've fulfilled your part. they were delicious! now, let's talk about your future"" my future was to find the most fearful beings for sacrifice. i thought long and hard on it and karma ended up being a demon named dlanod. i picked people that, while they might be missed, would actually improve society. take that ceo that constantly laid off people to improve his salary. he sure didn't live long enough to enjoy his multi-million-dollar bonus. remember that con-man televangelist that disappeared. there was a special place in hell for him, and that place was in dlanod's gut. a lot of terrorists ended up going that way as well. me? well, i took over the cult leadership. i advised them that they should be prepared to sacrifice themselves at any time, because if they prepared for it, they wouldn't scream and be as flavorful. this happened over three-hundred years ago. dlanod has been eating regularly and society has improved: even moreso after we worked on adding corrupt politicians into the mix. life is good, but afterlife is hellishly better."
451	adjudicated	1	he was sentenced to life imprisonment, and then three days later nixon commuted it to three years house arrest. this after nixon had reportedly received 5,000 telegrams regarding the verdict and them being 100 to 1 in favor of leniency. it blows my mind that people were that willing to argue in favor of leniency for a mass murderer.
452	adjudicated	1	first authorship is incredibly important if you are applying for a tenure cat position.
453	adjudicated	1	the cat expected his name listed first.
454	adjudicated	2	this def doesn't seem unhinged at all, yeah. he seems entirely self aware here.
455	adjudicated	3	to be fair all cats are done with your bullshit
456	adjudicated	3	both him and his cat.
457	adjudicated	1	well you are joking, but knorozov himself considered his cat as his colleague. once (in 1973, iirc) he even tried to put asya (the cat on the photo) as a co-author in a paper.
458	adjudicated	1	i feel sad for him, dude must have loved his cat
459	adjudicated	1	"""...talent caked in satire"" reddit really scratches my great-turn-of-phrase itch sometimes."
460	adjudicated	1	best r/oldschoolcool post in recent memory
461	adjudicated	1	no you're not pathetic. stop thinking that and stop living that. you are amazing. get a job, whether it's flipping burgers, gas station attendant or anything that you'd be ok with doing. i know that you will do great things in your life. this is just a starting spot.
462	adjudicated	1	it's really just math. earn more income. live on less expenses. invest in riskier things. the easiest one to control is life style.
463	adjudicated	1	how much bread? what are your expenses? do you have investments? does your employer offer retirement savings plans? contribution matching? do you have assets? can your wife earn an income while still raising your family? a lot of questions, i know. but you're asking a pretty complex question, and providing very little detail.
464	adjudicated	1	well, yes but it wouldn't be easy. i started grad school at 38 and doubled my income within two years of graduating. so, survivorship bias aside, it is possible to greatly improve income. your wife would need to go back to work and make a significant amount. consider that you are getting by with one income now and her second would be able to go toward your retirement savings, assuming the kids are past childcare stage. if you invest $1500/mo and get a 7% return, you'd have $1.5m by 70.
465	adjudicated	1	talk to your school counselor and hopefully school social worker to see what types of options may be available to you. you might contact child services to see if there is a requirement to provide until you graduate. put in applications and check your credit history to see if it has been used fraudulently. it may not seem like the best option, but the military might be what you need. you can still go to college for reduced rates while on active duty, air force is your best choice. edit: keep your head up little sis
466	adjudicated	2	no, not pathetic. i'm not even saying that to try and make you feel better about your situation. it's not pathetic. sad, unfortunate, but not pathetic. there's a solution here, and i'm sure someone here with experience or many here with similar pieces of experience can help more than this. i just don't want you getting down on yourself. that's how people stay down. you are on your way up, so keep that mindset. is it possible your mother was just misinformed and wasn't aware of her spread of misinformation? best of luck.
467	adjudicated	1	wild. but yes this is totally normal. many initial estimates of escrow are low due to rising taxes and insurance costs. i've gotten an escrow adjustment several times since purchasing any home i've owned. also, those taxes are crazy. but i also believe that it's probably accurate. the hard pill to swallow is that property taxes in other areas are a fraction of what you're going to pay. in my area you'd pay less than 3k on a 400k home.
468	adjudicated	1	you might have to check the law on that. i'm pretty sure that they could evict on other grounds, but if they did then they would have to return the unearned months less damages.
469	adjudicated	1	ask them how long you should depreciate land. they will love that.
470	adjudicated	1	also, by taking prepaid rent you might forfeit your option to terminate the tenancy and evict if the need arises for reasons other than rent.
471	adjudicated	3	this is some midsommar shit
472	adjudicated	2	"that is a foolish system. presumably your great-great-grandfather is gone for good now. you need to bring your father back. your great-great-grandfather is presumably beyond saving but you need, and let me emphasize this again, you need, to bring your father back. find some cousin who is out of the loop, and whom you've never met or never cared for, and convince him to wear your father's face. you need someone who knows the rituals to skin you when you die, and restore your face to someone else's flesh, so you are not lost after you die. you really want to put off finding out what happens to you when you eventually die a second time, for as long as you can. with no one to retrieve you, once your face rots away, i don't know if you'll go to the hell of your choosing, or the hell of your own making. oh, what a choice. to face st. peter, or to face an eternity lifeless, but knowing, unblinking and restless, buried in a grave somewhere. another thought. you need a cadet line to raid for bodies occasionally. ensure that ""your"" nephews are all married off and want for nothing. also work to drive them apart, so they don't know each other, (or necessarily tolerate each other's company), so when you ""harvest"" one, the others don't notice the sudden change of personality and learn just what it means. what a joy to be elected to inherit based upon your resemblance to an ancestor, your youth and good health, and your lack of a spouse."
473	adjudicated	1	great read! good luck with your new life in the modern age. just fyi tide pods may look delicious but they're not good for you. depending on your grandson that information may not have been included with this particular body.
474	adjudicated	2	i mean open your eyes dude what if this monster is the hottest succubus you could ever lay your eyes on
475	adjudicated	1	me, a mom, i don't like that.
476	adjudicated	1	huh, cool. i didn't realize monster's inc was based on a true story!
477	adjudicated	1	they sound like they're just giving her a nice little fright. who doesn't like that?
478	adjudicated	1	awwww i like them. they seem very nice. i'm sure they haven't seen a being like her in a while.
479	adjudicated	1	aw monster and prey to lovers
480	adjudicated	1	"definitely have a talk with them without her there sometime, though. you know, establish boundaries and all, the good parent stuff. ""no scaring her past midnight on school nights"", for instance."
481	adjudicated	1	hes a smoker, hes a toker, hes got a red hot poker. . .
482	adjudicated	1	who forgot to play the music box
483	adjudicated	1	the fnaf puppet ties it together
484	adjudicated	1	wow, i thought this was an old painting! absolutely gorgeous and eery
485	adjudicated	1	omg i love them so much d:
486	adjudicated	1	dunno i kinda like them.
487	adjudicated	1	may i offer you an egg in this trying time
488	adjudicated	1	average egg enjoyer
489	adjudicated	2	have you dangled a little bastard by his heel? that core strength matters.
490	adjudicated	3	wow santa is a snitch
491	adjudicated	1	my stepfather is just like you. he gets so much stuff because he's always connecting with people and helping them out. for example a new guy who had just been hired at his job was talking about needing to move fast because of a bad situation with a roommate but not having the means to rent a truck yet. my stepfather connected him with a friend he knew had an available room and proposed his truck to help the guy move. it turned out that new guy was the nephew of someone high up in cirque du soleil, so my stepfather gets a lot of their discarded equipment offered to him, like tents, industrial washing mashines, etc. he also gets free eggs from an old lady he met at the vet and who was sad she wasn't able to bring back her recently deceased dog to bury him on her land because she wasn't quite strong enough to dig a hole anymore. he brought back the dog and they became friends. she even made my baby a lovely quilt when my mom told her i was pregnant with my first.
492	adjudicated	1	"""your mustache looks nice today."" i was 13 and this was a gut punch. i think he was just being goofy as we were friends, but i was horribly embarrassed and got my mom to get me nair. now i feel like i would have stroked my lip and thanked the dude. because my mustache *does* look nice."
493	adjudicated	1	"When I was 17 I was somewhat involved with a 27 year old guy. When I was 23/24 I thought back on this and thought ""what the fuck was HE thinking?"" Turns out he was already on the offender registry and I didn't know. That made me sick to my stomach."
494	adjudicated	1	"i didn't even get that, it was ""i see that ass!"". o.okay. good? i'm glad i don't have a transparent ghost ass? did you think i would want to jump your bones over that comment? jesus."
495	adjudicated	1	yes, i'm following up with the phone company... i'm trying to find a lawyer that could take this pro bono, can't afford it otherwise
496	adjudicated	2	what country? i wonder if a women's shelter or group would be able to help. that is infuriating that the police responded in this way. they and the ex deserve some publicity on their behavior. we're the charges dropped by your ex or considered not enough evidence? and how did it get to a strip search? that is insane. file charges back. obviously it is your choice here, but a local women's group may have a better idea of how successful any effort might be (especially if you got angry and raised your voice or anything), in any charges or formal complaints back against the ex or the police. i hate that you are left feeling this powerless.
497	adjudicated	1	"oh my god! can we all just share the weirdest ""compliments"" men have given us?"
498	adjudicated	2	he called you, so there are phone records. he's in violation here.
499	adjudicated	1	turns out people do nice things for you when you are consistently nice. huh, maybe someone should tell the menfolks. ok, but snark aside, this was heartwarming :)
500	adjudicated	3	yep. 40% of police officers have admitted to being in abusive relationships. that's a staggering number. never trust the police. for anything.
501	adjudicated	2	it's like zuck saw ready player one and thinks he can make it happen xd
502	adjudicated	2	if it were us, she would have lost her actual grandma in some kind of epic options fail.
503	adjudicated	2	thanks for letting me know the forms are up, god forbid rh does
504	adjudicated	2	the greatest innovation of the last 20 years was convincing women wearing yoga pants in public was socially acceptable. bless
505	adjudicated	2	classic dump and pump and dump
506	adjudicated	2	"bro riding elon for donating to an ""unknown charity"". you fanboys are built different"
507	adjudicated	2	classic russian bear
508	adjudicated	2	they actually don't think about us at all
509	adjudicated	2	someone comes and washes your stocks so they are nice and clean
510	adjudicated	1	what's a wash sale
511	adjudicated	2	you know gates hasn't even been on the board of microsoft for years now right?
512	adjudicated	2	"this is a scarily garbage piece of ""journalism"". there is no relevance whatsoever and no reason to bring it up except of course for the blindingly obvious but unsaid allegation of insider trading. but it's never brought up because of course they can't support it and they have no evidence. i really don't want my journalism to rely on the wink wink technique. (and of course the top voted comments are the ones making the brilliant logical leap to insider trading)"
513	adjudicated	2	isn't this buffet's usual strategy? i feel like i've seen multiple interviews and articles where he talks about buying when the rest of the market is reacting negatively to something. i mean this is famously how this dude operates
514	adjudicated	1	buying shares when they're undervalued is not insider trading. it's just smart investing. activision's shares were undervalued because of all of the harassment allegations, which made them a smart investment. lots of savvy investors bought at the same time.
515	adjudicated	1	yeah, i've never even bought shares before and i was hugely tempted to buy some of activision's shares. i was intensely frustrated when i heard about the acquisition, as i'd convinced myself it was too risky...
516	adjudicated	1	activision was considered a fairly safe bet at the time, the dip had already occurred, the scandals were blowing over and the shares were rising steadily and expected to eventually get back to around their original price. that doesn't take someone who knows a lot about tech, it takes someone with basic business knowledge and access to lots of funds they can accept a relatively small risk on. a billion dollars isn't even an eight of a percent of berkshire hathaway's current assets, this is the type of deal they have to make fairly regularly to keep their money going around.
517	adjudicated	1	gates is no longer on microsoft's board of directors and only ever owns between 1-3% of the company (part og the reason his wealth is a lot more tangible than musk and bezos). the much more reasonable explanation than insider trading is that an investment firm that's famously good at finding undervalued investments decided to buy into an asset that was in a big dip but that was already starting to slowly climb back up. the industry opinion at the time was that activision's value would go back to normal even if it took a year or so.
518	adjudicated	2	correct me if i'm wrong, but the article says he bought it at the peak of the sexual harassment allegations, when the prices were very low. a smart move because obviously activision was going to rebound from that.
519	adjudicated	2	not that there couldn't be something shady going on here, but i find i interesting how many people are saying there is no way a historically successful investor could see anything in this crap company, while not batting and eye at the fact microsoft saw enough to buy them. perhaps they both saw the same potential.
520	adjudicated	2	since it was only a billion it was probably one of his investing deputies who don't need to clear investments with buffett
521	adjudicated	2	"the thing is that in the throes of depression, you don't have the motivation to get up and go outside and get sunlight, you don't have the energy to muster up in order to exercise, you don't have the mental capacity for social engagement, or worse don't feel you deserve it. yes, for most people who suffer depression we know that these things help. the number of years of therapy i've gone through, the nearly lifetime of being in and out of different therapists offices, i've learned what ""should"" work. we've all been given that list. but when that depression is laying over you like a thousand-ton weighted blanket and your body feels like a corpse and you almost think it might be better if it were one so that it wouldn't have to be burdensome to the people you love any more.... a little bit of sunshine and drinking more water isn't going to do the fucking trick. you're not a gorram flower."
522	adjudicated	1	let's pledge to do something to change that
523	adjudicated	1	at face value, yes. it's an introduction to various forms of mindfulness/spiritualism too though, particularly with focus on meditation. it's really something else, i can't say there is anything else i have seen quite like it. helped me get back into more mindful self love practices. absolutely would recommend
524	adjudicated	2	unless i missed something, isn't it just a trippy animated podcast?
525	adjudicated	1	bro i cried at the end
526	adjudicated	1	the midnight gospel doesn't get talked about enough
527	adjudicated	1	until you made it your alarm...
528	adjudicated	1	there aren't enough midnight gospels memes
529	adjudicated	1	so you listen to it 100 more times, just to make sure lol.
530	adjudicated	1	dude this show was such a vibe
531	adjudicated	2	does everyone remember 2 years ago when the price of a barrel of oil went negative for a little while because no one wanted to store it? good. glad we haven't already forgotten. opec's response was to drastically cut their oil production (something wild like 80% or more) and even this week refused to ramp back up. the oil producers and oil companies want this so they can make record profits again.
532	adjudicated	1	except winner in the popular vote, which in most peoples minds means she should have won the whole thing.
533	adjudicated	1	my partner has been going through this for the past few years, i empathize with how stressful the last decade must have been for you. i hope sharing your victory with her will help her feel less isolated with what she's experiencing.
534	adjudicated	2	narrator: they aren't
535	adjudicated	2	24/7 news is just absolutely toxic no matter where they land politically. just shouldn't be a thing.
536	adjudicated	2	both sides are the same
537	adjudicated	1	i'm a bleeding heart liberal and find it exhausting watching networks like cnn or msnbc. i'll take pbs news hour or bbc world news any day.
538	adjudicated	2	thanks for the both sides take from the account with a scrubbed history.
539	adjudicated	2	cnn is pretty tame in comparison to fox news.
540	adjudicated	1	including hillary. she's not running again. it's just not happening.
541	adjudicated	2	yeah exactly. you don't pick healthy people for trials like this. you pick someone who is generally fucked and is willing to try crazy shit for science.
542	adjudicated	1	"al qaeda in iraq used to setup fake ""duds"", bombs they setup to lure u.s. bomb technicians, but they would have a live one nearby, or setup ambush/mortar attacks. one reason why we went to blowing things up, instead of dismantling the bomb."
543	adjudicated	1	"i used to do some infrastructure work inside the eod squadron building on base and there was a big banner inside the front door that said ""not dead yet"" and another one on another wall in the building that said ""everyone's divorced"""
544	adjudicated	1	as long as you're hearing bombs, you know it's not yours.
545	adjudicated	1	I bet Chris is over the moon tonight, that show will have insane energy.
546	adjudicated	2	"i expected a wikipedia entry, not a product page with a ""contact us for purchase"" button lol"
547	adjudicated	1	"i have a feeling that those guys were already pretty confident that the bomb wouldn't go off; not that they were increasing the odds of success from ""impossible"" to ""somewhat below impossible"" by dribbling some water."
548	adjudicated	1	most high explosives are extremely stable, you don't want them going off before you intend them to (like if the plane carrying it gets shot at). you can pound c4 with a hammer and it won't do anything. the fuse is a mini explosive that has enough kick to set off the main charge.
549	adjudicated	1	not really. in the slavic east, those kinds of expressions have been in popular vernacular since ww2. even kids use them.
550	adjudicated	2	most reasonable thing ive read here
551	adjudicated	1	this is especially true when you're new and trying to get into the habit of going to the gym. if you're having trouble going, even if you fire up a podcast and walk on the treadmill for half an hour, that's more than you would have done otherwise and you helped reinforce in your head that this time is gym time.
552	adjudicated	1	a crappy workout day is still better than no workout day. use those days to focus on fundamentals and form and you may learn something along the way, like better mind muscle connection, a better hand positioning, a better cue. don't obsess over increasing weight from the previous week if it ain't gonna happen that day. progress is more than gravitational flux.
553	adjudicated	1	i did the monkey bars for the first time in my life last week...at age 26 this is something most kids grew up doing but i was a pretty out of shape, indoorsy kid, unable to even hold myself on a rope in gym class so i'm just happy i can do it and it brings me so much joy to just do a couple back and forth at the end of my workout
554	adjudicated	1	i joined a gym this week for the first time in 4 years. not really a story but i wanted to tell someone.
555	adjudicated	1	the gym hired a new front desk chick 2 weeks ago. she was super friendly and loved the job. she worked closing and a few if the regulars would hang out after close and help her close down the gym. this week her husband came in the gym and threatened to beat up some trainer who she worked out with. she got fired so now the gym is short staffed again.
556	adjudicated	2	never skip anus day bro
557	adjudicated	1	"i'm a beginner in olympic weightlifting working with a coach at a gym that's basically a powerlifting gym on one side, and a weightlifting gym on the other. we were doing some snatch complexes when this dude walks over to me. i seen him before, he's by far the strongest lifter out of all of us on the weightlifting side of the gym, after my set he walks over to me and my coach and goes, ""you're starting to look real good out here man, keep it up"" it was a very nice feeling to have someone who has obviously put so much time and work into their sport, come over and sort of welcome me into their world. i believe a gym atmosphere like that is a big part of what keeps people coming back"
558	adjudicated	1	"i'm really proud of my progress. i can power clean and press 115lb with strong form. i could only do 8 reps consistently. i'm a tiny, short, mexican chick but seeing my self lift near my body weight was a proud moment for me. also- i have noticed my traps have gotten larger and more ""mountain"" looking and i am here for it. it has significantly improved my power cleans and shoulder presses."
559	adjudicated	1	"for those of you old enough to remember duke nukem, there is a guy in my gym who looks exactly like that. now every time i see him i have ""i got balls of steel"" repeating in my head."
560	adjudicated	1	"the proper etiquette is to make the set an amrap and then, without looking at your pants, scan the room assertively and proclaim ""and that's how you hit depth"""
561	adjudicated	1	*either way* 'our long national nightmare is far from over', if we must rely on the lich to improve things.
562	adjudicated	2	thiel has said that he doesn't believe democracy is compatible with his brand of freedom... so for us to live in the libertarian utopia he envisions, we are going to have to have a dictatorship.
563	adjudicated	3	will you be retracting this comment now that the shooter has been detained?
564	adjudicated	2	so basically if you're serving your country overseas, texas just flipped you the bird. how patriotic
565	adjudicated	3	he needs to be constitutionally barred from running for reelection.
566	adjudicated	2	fascism is okay when it's their guy.
567	adjudicated	2	ultimately, mcconnell knows there's really only one way he's going to be able to thwart trump permanently, and that is to support the findings of the january 6th committee (which will likely continue to implicate trump directly in the insurrection) and then whip \[read: ***buy***\] however much gop support he can for participation in the invocation of section 3 of the 14th amendment. i think all of that will hinge on how well trump-backed candidates perform in the primaries this year. if they fail, mcconnell has all the ammo he needs to see this through to the end, and that could come as soon as this summer. in fact, such action would probably be *good* for gop turnout in the fall because all of the legal battles over the 14th amendment would have republican voters foaming at the mouth. if trump's people win in significant numbers, buckle your chinstraps because mcconnell is not going to outright sabotage the gop ahead of 2 crucial elections in '22 and '24. if it's a wash, it will all depend on *where* trump's people win. if they only win nominations in rabidly republican strongholds, mcconnell may still move forward with a plan to extricate trump from the party to whatever extent possible, albeit more muted than he has been recently. if trump's people win nominations in races that will be competitive in the general election, everything will depend on their performance in the fall. tl;dr: if trump-backed gop candidates get wiped out in the primaries this year, mcconnell has very little incentive to keep giving him any cover. if not... our long national nightmare is far from over.
568	adjudicated	2	this was the only goal of the new laws. that's why we call them voter suppression laws.
569	adjudicated	1	they have been calling them rinos.
570	adjudicated	3	lol. old school republican tries to shame a modern republican. theres no shame there. modern republicans have zero shame. they will lie, they will grift, and nothing shames them.
571	adjudicated	2	we created a society so reliant on cars that drivers face basically zero repercussions. whats that saying? if you want to get away with murder, use a car?
572	adjudicated	1	that's how my fallout character walks around most of the time
573	adjudicated	1	because of course they didn't.
574	adjudicated	1	not sure. they didn't have insurance so i almost ended up getting nothing. got the value of my car back and that was it.
575	adjudicated	1	so what was the drunks punishment?
576	adjudicated	1	that's the scariest part. 6 years ago i got absolutely wrecked head on by a drunk guy driving without a license, this guy hopped a 4 foot tall median in an f350, which spun his truck sideways, his truck then continued it's sideways trajectory, totalled my car (f350 vs honda civic) and sent me to the hospital. you just don't know if or when that moment will happen that will completely change your life. luckily i'm still okay, but i remember the slow motion effect of witnessing my life potentially getting completely destroyed.
577	adjudicated	3	"there's no ego bruise in letting some asshole go up ahead of you. it's actually better to let them go create pressure somewhere else. good on you. i had a friend that was always trying to ride up on the person in front of them and block out anyone trying to squeeze in. i asked him, ""what are your options right now?"" ""what?"" ""you're nose to butt with the car ahead of you, and there's a psycho boxing you in to the right that may try to cut in at any time. the shoulder on the left is super narrow and full of debris. what if someone flys up from behind? what can you really do?"" ""don't tell me how to drive."" ""don't make me passenge like this."" person in front can brake hard any moment person on the side can run you off any moment anyone can hit you from behind, especially if the line ahead stops dead it's just never in the best interest of safety to be boxed in and close to others. if you can't make it around slow-moving groups of vehicles, then that's your life for a time. wait until a path opens up and then break free. until then, leave space. let the free radicals move about. give yourself an out if anything fly's toward you from any direction. calm your ego and be safe in the flow of the river of metal boxes. besides, the biggest ego validation is letting an idiot go ahead and go nowhere. if they're especially peppy and cause an accident ahead, you just slow down and go around them. if they think they cracked the code on traffic, they just keep seeing you there, same amount of progress, while you're just chillin. to stay on point. yes! the mirrors are where the predictive action is. as long as you're not barreling toward what's up ahead, it's whatever; the real spice comes from the rear periphery."
578	adjudicated	2	it's not for no reason. it's because someone had to check facebook or something at that moment.
579	adjudicated	3	yeah, if anyone's not regularly checking your mirrors once a minute or so (or more often) you really should. there are many, many times i've been on the highway and seen someone speeding and weaving between traffic way behind me. allows me to be prepared for whatever dumbass stunt he'll try to pull when he eventually passes me.
580	adjudicated	1	i follow this guy in ig and he's actually crazy strong. he's using really light bumper plates and does this joke often. he'll even be on a skateboard sometimes (of which he's also awesome at)
581	adjudicated	2	translation: that might hurt our bottom line so we will make up whatever bs to try to stop it
582	adjudicated	1	my dad was with the usda when this happened, the meat companies swore that putting in a window was physically impossible to do, it would destroy the structural integrity of the packaging.
583	adjudicated	1	also, i touch or wiggle each the egg a tad, to see if they are stuck. often indicating cracked on the bottom.
584	adjudicated	1	when buying eggs, open the box to check they aren't broken there another life hack
585	adjudicated	1	"it's right up there with using the crosswalk and the ""push to cross"" button rather than walking blindly across a busy street!"
586	adjudicated	1	is this really a life hack or just common sense?
587	adjudicated	2	looking through a window designed for the purpose of checking the meat is a lifehack?
588	adjudicated	1	you're gonna have to wait.
589	adjudicated	2	this looks like how a fancy restaurant would serve a $38 portion of banana
590	adjudicated	1	works great for strawberries too!!
591	adjudicated	1	it's the right typeface but the wrong font size.
592	adjudicated	1	location is why it's not a perfect comma.
593	adjudicated	1	it's perfect in design. imperfect in placement. 8/10 amazing comma.
594	adjudicated	1	casually creating a fibonacci spiral out of butter.
595	adjudicated	1	i thought the water drops would switch places.
596	adjudicated	1	my balls while running nah who am i kidding, i don't run...
597	adjudicated	2	my asian parents disowned me for peeling plastic
598	adjudicated	1	so much more protection when they need to go overseas. here in germany they just stand on the back of a truck in the rain on a sunday if they stay domestic / in europe.
599	adjudicated	1	new car day was the best when working as a dealership tech. got to unwrap and test drive every one of em. easiest day of the week.
600	adjudicated	1	i could barely afford to watch this video.
601	adjudicated	2	"sorry but it's not 'curiousity' or 'wanting to know your thoughts' or broaching the topic when you bring up the subject by immediately requesting to have an open relationship. if you are in a long term monogamous relationship and come up to your partner one day saying ""hey, i kinda want to fuck other people, are you cool with that?"" you should be fully prepared for them to not take that request well. it doesn't matter if it wasn't a dealbreaker for her, because the request itself was a dealbreaker for you. you broke up with her and adequately informed her why, despite some people claiming you should have elaborated more or gave her 'closure.' it doesn't make you insecure or immature if you don't want to stay with her or have a big lengthy emotional break up."
602	adjudicated	1	just to piggyback on one tiny point of this comment- i would get unbelievable ingrown hairs in my armpits and no matter if i shaved or waxed or sugared, they were unbearable. painful and red and itchy. randomly one day when cleaning up my undercut, i decided to use my hair clippers on my arm pits and wouldn't you know, no bumps! no burn! no ingrowns! if this is her issue, suggest the clippers.
603	adjudicated	2	not meaning to disagree here, that's actually a great tip imo, but trying to add to this. about the awkwardness. girlfriend posted on her ig-account about some jewelry the op had given her, and within hours the ex was on the phone, demanding a meeting. just let that sink in. how often do you check your ex's current girlfriend's ig-accounts? perhaps weekly? sorry, this is creepy. op proposed to his girlfriend on the two-year anniversary of them dating. dating started one year after the ex herself had started dating again. that's three years total. and the ex was calling him up, on his vacation, against agreements about that, completely devastated. this fubar has already become so awkward, a few instagram account settings really aren't going to make a big difference anymore.
604	adjudicated	2	exactly! *he's* the one slowing op down!
605	adjudicated	3	> trauma caused his behavior? yeah, and i'm guessing a girl accused at college of something he didn't do? i'm guessing sexual assault/rape, and further, he did do it. fits with the racisms as well, entitled, and resentful as fuck. if he's the golden boy in the extended family, then it fits.
606	adjudicated	2	"oh good, someone noticed the details here. the post could literally be summarized as ""i have a hot young fiancee and i'm rolling in cash money and my shrivelled old wife is wailing like a banshee like an actress in a spanish soap opera"""
607	adjudicated	2	i don't know what is going on with her, but you are enabling it. just tell her you aren't buying all the things she wants and she should fend for herself. but you have to stick to it. it might eventually mean breaking up. by the way, it's actually cheaper to cook from scratch than to buy frozen entrees, etc., but it requires you to not be too fussy, and requires a fair amount of kitchen management - using up all you buy, keeping track of when things expire, etc. cooking from scratch also doesn't mean cooking every day. it's healthy and safe to make a relatively large batch of a stew, chili, etc., and eat that for several days.
608	adjudicated	2	she won't believe you probably he will convince her you are crazy sadly
609	adjudicated	2	partly because you're accepting and enabling the behaviour. you need to set clear boundaries and a strong stance on this or she is going to keep walking over you.
610	adjudicated	2	only a few messages where we talk about the trip planned for him to visit on facebook. . one blurry photo. that's it. it was 4 years ago, so old messages were lost from old phone.
611	adjudicated	1	the best part is there's absolutely no traces left behind! sry for crappy quality lol i don't have reddit on my pc yet
612	adjudicated	2	boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew
613	adjudicated	1	he's using aternos and the max render distance, at least on my server is 15 chunks, and yeah aternos is a weak server, but free so i can't complain
614	adjudicated	1	you can change this in the servers config file but be careful this impacts the performance, especially if you are using a weaker server with more players
615	adjudicated	1	did it, thanks
616	adjudicated	1	are you playing on a server? the server caps the render distance. even if you set your's higher, it wont have an effect. did you change the render- or simulation distance?
617	adjudicated	2	burn them
618	adjudicated	1	air pollution
619	adjudicated	2	enslave them to make moneeeerh
620	adjudicated	1	aternos max render distance is 10 and you can't change it
621	adjudicated	1	"IIRC they turn transparent if threatened or hunting. Being picked up is a threat, being put back is ""screw it, all energy to swimming away"" mode."
622	adjudicated	2	the world is an asstray.
623	adjudicated	1	it's like a toddler discarding the ass nubbin of the banana. it's me. i'm the toddler
624	adjudicated	1	bunch of leftover butts everywhere.
625	adjudicated	1	the best part is the mantis eating the leg like a piece of spaghetti.
626	adjudicated	1	i detect haikus and sometimes successfully learn more about me - haikusbot
627	adjudicated	1	that mantis is one brutal insect!
628	adjudicated	1	"at the end he was like ""nah this part's shit,bring me another one now"""
629	adjudicated	1	do they eat cockroaches too? let's bring these bad bitches to the east coast
630	adjudicated	1	just ate it like a burrito.
631	adjudicated	1	currently in buenos aires for a month, my brother and i walked around the ecopark, rose garden, and the area around the planetorium enjoying the light breeze and sunny vibes. as i was heading back to the apartment, took a quick snapshot and was pretty pleased with the results. i hope ya'll enjoy! the picture really does capture everything: families chilling, couples enjoying each other's company, lost tourists.
632	adjudicated	1	anthony bourdain departed this planet there. you can visit the restaurant where he had his last formal meal. the owner pointed out to me where he sat.
633	adjudicated	1	it's like looking at a disney movie set. amazing.
634	adjudicated	2	i'd prefer to never have to go to ohio again
635	adjudicated	2	"my sil is the person in our lives with the ""must be nice"" or ""i don't know how you can afford it"" comments. she hasn't taken a holiday since her honeymoon over 10 years ago. it used to bother me but now my response is ""yea it is nice"" lol"
636	adjudicated	1	looking back from 70, you'll never regret the experiences you are having.
637	adjudicated	1	"when we went in 2001 someone told us travel to ghana is ""africa for beginners"". we loved cape coast, accra and tamale."
638	adjudicated	1	pictures are mostly from tamale area in the north and volta in the east. the people are wonderful, accra is also a very interesting cosmopolitan city. next time i will be sure to check out cape coast which i sadly didn't get to this trip.
639	adjudicated	1	honestly, i feel like i'm forever in the minority on this one but i liked venice. it's a truly unique city with its own culture and history. the architecture is among the most interesting in italy. and yes, parts of it are dirty and smell. so does every other touristy city in europe. you're going to miss out on something. you'll see a lot in 8 days but italy has sooo much to offer. so just prioritize what you want to get out of the trip. if you want to not feel exhausted, i recommend spending more time in tuscany and doing day trips from there. if you want to see as much as possible, take a day off of your rome trip (which you really only need 3 days for) and spend a day in venice. no need to feel fomo. you're going to have an amazing trip no matter what you do
640	adjudicated	2	"they probably also say they are 5'8""-6'0"" tall."
641	adjudicated	2	then she's a moron.
642	adjudicated	2	what if she considers the president as her god?
643	adjudicated	2	her thinking is so regressive that it went a full circle and now seems progressive
644	adjudicated	2	that's really insulting to the monkey
645	adjudicated	2	and we get to hear the rich people complain that they have lost millions, but they still made more than we see in a decade.
646	adjudicated	2	"yeah, once you leave hs, they are just another adult. i had a similar situation but said, ""just give me a b then, bc i'm not doing more work than other students."" i got an easy a."
647	adjudicated	2	"i guess the guy who did this don't understand one bit about psychology and just did it because ""hey, i'm the representative of this area and i must show my people that at least i try to do something about suicide problems"""
648	adjudicated	3	have they found the missing link between monkey and this bitch? oh wait. there is no missing link
649	adjudicated	2	imagine the mind of a suicidal person, they literally think they are a burden to the world and that both them and the world would be better off without them existing. how the hell does showing them pictures of those with a far better life and possibly far more of a positive contribution to the world make them feel better?
650	adjudicated	1	shoegaze dad is spot on with this comment. not a facepalm, unless one of despair at the fate of the working classes.
651	adjudicated	1	it's the casual walk after for me
652	adjudicated	1	thought this was going to be worse. my uncle had a nasty scar on his back from playing around with a double bit when he was a kid(think he was 10 or 11 at the time). went to whip it back to throw it, and put it right above his kidney. missed hitting anything vital or any bone. this sort of thing was a trend with my uncle. he is the same one that had an attempted diy firework(bunch of black powder in a toilet paper tube) blow up in his hand. walked away with only some superficial burns. he had a sort of uncanny luck.
653	adjudicated	2	dangerous animals should be put down. then they can get the dog a new owner.
654	adjudicated	1	why shouldn't you have water in your kitchen?
655	adjudicated	3	seemed like the owner was in on it so fuck him too.
656	adjudicated	1	an all out fire is pretty bad too.
657	adjudicated	1	good cameraman.. good boy
658	adjudicated	3	fuckthemup
659	adjudicated	3	you taunt an animal this is what happens. mf'er got what he deserved along with the owner.
660	adjudicated	1	wouldn't it be a 3rd hole?
661	adjudicated	2	why. if children know what to do when they see a gun, then the odds they do something stupid are significantly reduced. in a perfect world people are responsible and keep guns locked in safes where children can't get them but does this world look perfect.
662	adjudicated	3	there was a thread on (i think) unpopular opinion that stated children should be taught proper gun safety. 90% of people lost their fucking minds over it
663	adjudicated	2	no one is going to comment on him putting a jacket on like it is a dress?
664	adjudicated	1	given the sheer amount of guns here and the easy access i would 100% much rather my child know gun safety and how to handle them. there's way too many accidental shootings of all ages.
665	adjudicated	3	absolutely. me as a german looking at this, i can't fathom how someone can feel something remotely positively about a 13 year old shooting proper guns. wtf us and a?
666	adjudicated	2	god it's so weird watching these as a non american. what's next level about this? someone educate me please.
667	adjudicated	2	do american realise this shit is only normal to them?
668	adjudicated	2	**farmer: aw, we got a clog in the chute.** 'dog: boss you just hold my beer.'
669	adjudicated	1	pretty much all biathlons use real rifles for compitions not bb guns. the olympic standard is .22lr.
670	adjudicated	1	service animals are so interesting. another redditor posted a video of a sheep herder talking about the different dog jobs and different behaviors of each animal. so wierd that different dogs are born knowing different jobs in the same farm
671	adjudicated	1	might go the other way and you develop the power to trace rays next time you make a pizza.
672	adjudicated	1	finally someone who isn't scared of 1080p
673	adjudicated	1	exactly what i was thinking, but been using the card for a week now and it runs perfect. the guy was pretty old and was selling off stuff from a laser printing company.
674	adjudicated	1	lmao he literally dug them a grave
675	adjudicated	1	>the guy had no clue what he was selling he probably posts here on r/pcmasterrace...
676	adjudicated	1	walmart also sent the wrong computer. giving gamers nexus the lowest tier when they ordered the highest tier.
677	adjudicated	1	as an amatuer graphic designer, i get annoyed of low quailty memes, so when i create one, i make an effort to find a hd template, and make it as good as i can.
678	adjudicated	1	i bought corsair aio and it died 2 days after the end of the warranty period. since then, only air cooling for me. simpler, cheaper and safer.
679	adjudicated	1	i blame (/s) jay for convincing me to try out custom loop water cooling. which is pretty scary. and became less scary because i am now imagining my pc as an expensive aquarium. no pressure. except when the pump has no pressure, that is bad.
680	adjudicated	1	yep. and jay is just a breakfast companion ;)
681	adjudicated	1	what a chad.
682	adjudicated	1	"70% of comments in posts about top looks like : ""man, i swear toplane is fine, i play this position once per 100 games when i autofilled there""."
683	adjudicated	1	in the midlane edit: nvm, its urf. makes it even worse tbh.
684	adjudicated	1	arcane comet 22 min formless kayn
685	adjudicated	1	22 min formless kayn
686	adjudicated	2	*please* go to church this sunday
687	adjudicated	1	"lillia says ""oh deer is udyr"""
688	adjudicated	1	if anything, urf's constant fighting means he should get form way sooner
689	adjudicated	1	it's season 12 of league of legends, you can't just be on the same screen with something that looks like a champion and not all-in them.
690	adjudicated	2	the hard way: he: hey sexy, wanna hang out with a real master player? her: get lost nerd!
691	adjudicated	2	"that's because that's exactly what it is. ""can't call me misogynist if i'm just supporting a woman who said it."""
692	adjudicated	2	i'm low maintenance af and it's still more expensive to be a woman. bras cost a lot. menstruation products aren't cheap either. shampoo and conditioner and any home hair product is more than that can of murray's that lasts men 5 years. we even use more toilet paper. compare the price of men's toiletries to women's. just making a razor pink means they mark it up 10%. that generally applies across the board. obviously some shit is more luxury than necessity like the lashes she mentioned but don't say it's not pricey to be a woman. that's just untrue.
693	adjudicated	1	agreed because it's been proven women's soaps, deodorants, etc are more expensive than mens.
694	adjudicated	1	and feminine supplies like tampons, sanitary napkins, birth control
695	adjudicated	1	only exception to this is bras. they really are expensive and not worth skimping on
696	adjudicated	1	yeah can we just call this a shitpost (or shitweet) and pretend we never bothered reading it?
697	adjudicated	3	you don't deserve to be hydrated unfortunately
698	adjudicated	2	"i still can't believe my generation has fallen into this corny ""back in my day"" shit already. watching people my age act like how boomers and gen x acted to me is bizarre"
699	adjudicated	1	i think they hung out pretty regularly for 6 years before the movie deal, and jamal supported the family through the loss of wanda's husband lonnie. that seems like enough to justify the love people hold for them.
700	adjudicated	1	for real. this man is just resting his forearm and wrist on her shoulder and letting his hand dangle naturally. a real hover hand is the arm coming up from behind and the hand hovering over the shoulder. no leaning, just straight awkwardness from not wanting to touch the other person.
701	adjudicated	2	so, you're trying to say that earning less is feminine? interesting
702	adjudicated	1	good for you, at least part of your day goes really well
703	adjudicated	2	toxic masculinity says than the guy needs to earn more because he's the master of the house. old timers bs
704	adjudicated	1	same here, it's not all bad about prostitution...
705	adjudicated	1	i don't see the negative. is this supposed to be negative? is money a bad thing?
706	adjudicated	1	it's hard enough staying alive
707	adjudicated	1	my wife makes three times my day rate
708	adjudicated	1	no promises there either
709	adjudicated	1	They sure can remember McDonald's, because that's where they all live if they're not on the ocean.
710	adjudicated	1	"my friends and i pick a random day at the begining of each month and dub it""gilmer day"" last time we made a day gilmer day my friend got dumped, our power went out for a few hours and we got hit by a snow storm."
711	adjudicated	2	ugh, people like this? grew up with parents who used too much pinesol... yuck. doesn't even smell like real pine.. which is lovely
712	adjudicated	1	lol, he seems like a cool guy
713	adjudicated	1	hahahhah this is the cutest thing ever
714	adjudicated	1	i love the moms howling.
715	adjudicated	1	tommy is a chad, if he doesn't waste his talent he can easily be a politician in the future
716	adjudicated	1	tommy got [looks around to make sure no one is near], big dick engery!!
717	adjudicated	1	because then he can't hold it over her head when he wants something
718	adjudicated	1	r/becauseitwasstaged
719	adjudicated	1	nothing is better than the bee movie.
720	adjudicated	2	"""you better fucking call me""- beluguy the beluga"
721	adjudicated	2	where are my fellow apollo users at? fucking default plebs crying lol
722	adjudicated	1	i didnt even update mine, i just re opened reddit after a bit and my profile was on the right side instead of the left
723	adjudicated	2	our wife
724	adjudicated	1	you don't have legs?
725	adjudicated	1	so long, partner
726	adjudicated	1	they are in spectator mode i guess
727	adjudicated	1	where is gender gas?
728	adjudicated	2	my man your reply is the equivalent of the 5th
729	adjudicated	2	can i also take your wife?
730	adjudicated	2	look how north korea turned out
731	adjudicated	1	for several reasons: previous hammers were purely political and can only come down if you have a solid congressional majority. because trump replaced enough of the top of the republican party with loyalists he will always be able to evade those hammers. this one is a completely different because it's a legal hammer. he was immune to legal hammers as president, but he's not president any longer. legal hammers routinely take 3-7 years to come down because if you try to go too fast then safeguards kick in and prevent it from coming down at all. trump has also spent his entire adult life stalling legal hammers for as long as possible. there were many times when drawing out the process for as long as possible and then hitting any loophole or deficiency in the system hard at the right moment he was able to get out of trouble. that's how he handled civil rights claims and property disputes and bankruptcy cases. he didn't come out unscathed but he came out better than he should have. he tried to do the same thing with the election. file all of the lawsuits, make the loudest noises, stall as much as he possibly could, and hit any ambiguous wording in the rules as hard as he could. it just didn't work. it also doesn't work in criminal cases. the rules and standards that he has spent decades mastering ways to frustrate and defeat aren't the same. so, trying the same things that worked before is probably going to go badly. there's also a very real chance that the northern district of georgia is going to file election interference charges in july. the process is slow because those are not easy charges to bring and it's georgia. but, that call to the georgia secretary of state has a very real chance at making him ineligible for office ever again.
732	adjudicated	2	trump going to jail or facing consequences is always 30 years away just like nuclear fusion.
733	adjudicated	2	the hammer is coming down. the hammer has been coming down for quite a while now. an uncomfortably long time, in fact. did they drop it from orbit? is that why it's taking so long?
734	adjudicated	2	he'll pull some legal fuckery to delay and appeal until it ends up in front of his 6-3 scotus
735	adjudicated	2	everyone on reddit acted like trump was mere hours from being arrested and dragged out of the white house every day of the mueller investigation, so yeah, maybe random reddit posts are not the best source of info on this topic.
736	adjudicated	1	"i fully expected to click the comment and see that it said, ""none. he's never been held accountable, and this will not affect him."""
737	adjudicated	2	this reminds me of when mueller was investigating and reddit was just desperate for that to be the day trump would finally pay for being trump, and then not much. this isn't a movie, reddit, trump isn't going to finally fall screaming and burning to the bottom of the canyon after some hero throws him off the cliff once and for all. he's going to grow old and die, somehow still rich. wake me up when there's a consequence, too.
738	adjudicated	1	there's been a well-written, highly upvoted comment in r/politics saying trump is right at the cusp of total humiliation and disgrace every day for.. 6 years now. it isn't that i don't believe them or that they're wrong, it's just that i've heard this all before.
739	adjudicated	1	go for it charlie brown. lucy definitely won't move the football this time! oh brother. i'll believe he'll face consequences when i see it.
740	adjudicated	1	same. it's a beautiful dream but i don't have a lot of faith
741	adjudicated	1	i would say i saw what you did there but... you know
742	adjudicated	1	state prosecutor: and that's when she murdered him, your honor.
743	adjudicated	1	i couldn't see this one coming
744	adjudicated	1	r/angryupvote
745	adjudicated	1	therapist: your wife says you never buy her flowers, is that true? him: to be honest, i never knew she sold flowers.
746	adjudicated	1	hi exhausted, i'm dad.
747	adjudicated	1	yep - gotta do it before someone nips it in the bud.
748	adjudicated	1	gotta milk it for all its worth!
749	adjudicated	1	a tittilating joke.
750	adjudicated	1	everybody fell into the booby trap of bad puns
751	adjudicated	1	yeah i saw the video he put out. waiting to see how his visit to hq turns out. i saw he posted that he was heading down over to la to try and speak to higher ups.
752	adjudicated	1	i'm still happy with my asus 2070 super 2 years later..it can handle anything i've thrown at it.
753	adjudicated	2	"i always feel like posts such as there are in the humble brag catergory. perfectly in line with all those 5900x cpu, water cooled, 64gb ram ""budget"" builds. and can my 3090ti run mincraft at 4k? you know what you got man. stop playing."
754	adjudicated	1	i can take it off your hands in exchange for my trusty 2070 super
755	adjudicated	1	"assuming you're asking about the ""gaming oc"" part and not the 3070 as others have addressed what to expect out of a 3070. the gaming oc is a solid sku, above the reference style sku (evga black) but a bit below cards like the ftw3, strix or gaming x which have beefier power delivery and even bigger cooling solutions. the gaming oc still has a decent factory oc and solid triple fan cooling solution. if you're looking for a ""good"" sku that isn't as over the top as a strix or ftw3 it's a good choice."
756	adjudicated	1	my gigabyte oc 3070ti is a monster in 1440 144. i have yet to find a game it can't handle ultra or very high for the settings. damn fine card. now it is a bit warm, and i had to get a slightly larger case for better air flow, but now it won't go above 63-67c while gaming under full load. before it was hitting 70-76c (was really close to thr psu shroud in my small mid size that i had). not good airflow and only a single intake and exhaust. now i have 3 intake and one exhaust and it's nice.
757	adjudicated	1	all 3070s are more or less the same, the only noticeable difference between brands are temperatures, noise and customer service. if the quality of the card is a concern its a fantastic card, but ask yourself do you need/want a 3070ti or 3080 and are you prepared to pay the extra to get one?
758	adjudicated	1	it's perfect for 1440p gaming. there are better cards but then you're getting into the big bucks top end cards
759	adjudicated	1	buying a graphics card.
760	adjudicated	3	or at least a plastic shroud around the pins to make them easier to plug in, like for fuck's sake, guys, there is no reason for it to be this painful xd
761	adjudicated	1	i'm 5'1 and never never asked for someone's height because literally almost all men are taller than me but also i don't care. i'm short.
762	adjudicated	2	4'9 literally classifies as dwarfism. what in the god damn-
763	adjudicated	2	this whole short tall thing is completely out of hand lol
764	adjudicated	2	....and the audacity of this bitch
765	adjudicated	1	"i'm 6'1"" and had a 5' gf a while ago. my new gf is 5'10"" and let me tell you my back definitely doesn't mind not having to bend over to kiss her."
766	adjudicated	1	ow'd a muppet like you make it through preschool, liam?
767	adjudicated	3	"oi mate, wot t' fock did you just say 'bout me, you little bitch? i'll 'ave you know i graduated top of me class in the sas, and i've been involved in numerous secret raids on the ira, and i 'ave over 300 confirmed kills, like. i am trained in gorilla warfare, and i am t' top sniper in the entire bleedin' sas. you are nothin' to me but just another target. i'll spark you t' fock out with precision t' likes of which 'ave never before been seen on this earth, mark me fockin' words, mate. you think you can get away with chatting all that shit to me over t' internet? think again, fucker. as we speak, i am contacting me secret network of spies across britain, and your ip address is being traced right now, so you better prepare for the storm, blud. t' storm that wipes out t' pathetic little thing you call your life. you're fockin' dead, man. i can be anywhere, anytime, and i can kill you in over 700 ways and that's just with me bare hands, like. not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat, but i have access to t' entire arsenal of the british armed forces, and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little shit. if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little ""clever"" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would 'ave held your fockin' tongue, ay? but you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying t' price, you bloomin' idiot. i'll shit fury all over you, and you'll drown in it. you're fockin' dead, mate."
768	adjudicated	1	favourite fast food: all of them
769	adjudicated	1	isn't he in nofx?
770	adjudicated	1	thank you, yes all planned!
771	adjudicated	1	well, thor and bruce are still around, but they are too high elo to play with you unless you have a full comp.
772	adjudicated	1	my first thought was: tell me you've never been close to a woman without telling me you've never been close to a woman.
773	adjudicated	1	or ever been with a woman. peach fuzz
774	adjudicated	1	it's been several years... my ps4 was a launch day console. the noise was getting unbearable. finally took it apart. cleaned it. applied fresh thermal paste. what a difference. don't quite remember my fan looking at crusty as yours. eventually passed the console on to my daughter when the ps5 launched. it still runs quiet.
775	adjudicated	1	you shouldnt have used it as a wood chipper.just saying
776	adjudicated	1	brings nostalgia of me playing ps2 spider-man as a kid
777	adjudicated	1	i'm just impressed with the amount of detail
778	adjudicated	1	achtually, she's a 32971 year old demi-demon from another planet
779	adjudicated	1	no but they've seen a *ton* of 10 year old anime girls that don't have facial hairs.
780	adjudicated	1	these are the same people who complained aloy didn't wear enough makeup, then proceeded to photoshop her to look like the woman they give their money to on onlyfans
781	adjudicated	1	i'm just sweating through my eyes
782	adjudicated	1	you can't make me cry
783	adjudicated	1	that was so beautiful & moving they both needed that
784	adjudicated	1	it melted my heart!!
785	adjudicated	1	"kid - "" i thought i was the only one!"""
786	adjudicated	3	hey op, are you fucking mental?
787	adjudicated	1	>it makes sense that they'd get back together, it must be impossible to find single immortals in your area. > >congrats on your genes. seriously. ops mom got younger what the hell. these people are going to live forever.
788	adjudicated	1	nothing more wholesome than child labor !...
789	adjudicated	1	ngl that duck do be looking dapper
790	adjudicated	1	there should be more ppl like this grandad on fb
791	adjudicated	1	i don't know with regard to animals but in humans it's called colostrum.
792	adjudicated	1	what about the first milk's immunity thingy that goes to baby through milk?
793	adjudicated	1	thanks for the info bro. thats cool to know
794	adjudicated	1	"no. she's stressed. motherly instincts vs being a good ""pet"" to her owner. she's stress licking and staring at the person. dog's way of saying, ""back the fug up""."
795	adjudicated	1	cats can nurse dogs no problem. dogs nursing cats requires supplements, because they need more fat in their diet than dogs have. at a certain age they only do it for comfort, when they get most of their nutrients from packaged food.
796	adjudicated	1	is a dogs milk similar enough to cats to provide proper nutrition?
797	adjudicated	1	"i love how the doggie's like "":) look ma baybeez"""
798	adjudicated	1	boobs are boobs no matter what
799	adjudicated	1	it's o r g a n i c
800	adjudicated	1	yeah but straight from the tap??
801	adjudicated	1	and i thought waking up with my knees hurting was bad
802	adjudicated	1	plot twist: he created the guitar sound with his mouth too.
803	adjudicated	1	as i've said a bunch of times on old posts about the guy: his name is italo vegliante, former actor, musician and stand-up comedian. he is based in rome and goes around the city drawing with chalks on rome's walkways, and sometimes can be spotted playing guitar, although he mostly wanders the city like the mystical creature he is. long live the king!
804	adjudicated	1	Can you pass food to each other without it breaking import laws?
805	adjudicated	1	Only one eats, the other two are not Hungary
806	adjudicated	1	you can download a houdini or blender tool that will have a button to do everything.
807	adjudicated	1	You're doing great work my friend!
808	adjudicated	1	what an absolute legend.
809	adjudicated	1	i do now!
810	adjudicated	1	i think its lidar on a iphone corridor crew used it a few times technically not photogrammetry/ photo scanning surprising good scan from a phone
811	adjudicated	1	i really like it. would be nice if it was a little more legible tho
812	adjudicated	1	is that a child's shoe
813	adjudicated	1	"*laughs nervously because i stupidly got the ""i refuse to sink tattoo,"" circa 2011*"
814	adjudicated	1	it means that too
815	adjudicated	1	yeah i think i read it the same way as you. lol
816	adjudicated	1	ahh, had a completely different meaning for me
817	adjudicated	1	"it's a joke about tattoos of anchors that say, ""i refuse to sink"""
818	adjudicated	1	interesting way for them to advertise that
819	adjudicated	1	flameo, hotman!
820	adjudicated	1	the bros at the frat will love it
821	adjudicated	2	so your solution for something that is all-in-one is to have 20 different solutions on 20 different platforms? doesn't seem convenient.
822	adjudicated	1	i had 10,000 euro in a 'savings' account in a bank for a year. i got the yearly balance statement and i made the grand sum of 1.85 in interest on my 10,000. this is why crypto will win.
823	adjudicated	2	goodluck doing any of that with btc
824	adjudicated	1	those are examples of centralized crypto projects and don't represent all others. there are crypto projects that solve censorship, it's just that ethereum isn't one of them.
825	adjudicated	1	except crypto doesn't solve the problem. sole individuals have pressured the three big pools in ethereum to block certain wallets (by not processing transactions from them). law enforcement has gotten tether to block hundreds of addresses on the ethereum block chain similarly. the issue that most crypto solves is double spending, not censorship.
826	adjudicated	2	as an american, i stopped watching tv because i couldn't stand it.
827	adjudicated	1	$2m bug bounty. at 5% apy, it gives $100,000 a year. i can just live off that comfortably
828	adjudicated	3	"i fuckin hate that sentence to death. it says absolutely nothing about the matter and implies the person just knows better. i dont even say that to my kids. i just explain subject x to them. i mean... you could cut out every politicians tongue with the friendly reminder ""its only for your own safety"" how about that??"
829	adjudicated	2	gullible fans (with hopefully too much money)
830	adjudicated	2	normally wouldn't care, but i am not canadian so maybe i will send a few xmr just because their government says i can't.
831	adjudicated	1	that's already how i operate. it's quite nice.
832	adjudicated	1	i'm a civil litigation attorney. doesn't leave a whole lot of time for photography, but it helps a lot for funding gear.
833	adjudicated	1	> half twist off the attached lens sounds like a great way for your lens to fall off your camera. my method is this: 1. put lens cap on 2. take rear cap off lens in bag 3. twist off lens that is on camera and place into empty spot in the bag 4. put new lens on 5. put rear lens cap on lens in bag 6. take off lens cap and place in bag or pocket. i do this with my left hand while hold the camera in my right hand. i can do the whole thing in about 10 seconds.
834	adjudicated	1	i set the camera down on top of the dividers to my bag, pop off the lens, pop on the new one, put on any caps that arent already on and continue with what i was doing. my rf lenses are all 3k+, wouldnt risk fumbling around holding onto everything standing.
835	adjudicated	2	subject too dark :(
836	adjudicated	2	i value my glass so yes of course. anyone who doesn't is a sociopath imo
837	adjudicated	1	i often have my lens cap on when i'm trying to shoot. :(
838	adjudicated	1	"it's mainly film and development processes and calibration. look up ""shirley cards."" this meant that light skin tones would reproduce well, but dark skin tones were devoid of details. sadly, it were furniture manufacturers that complained most loudly at the time, because dark brown wood wouldn't render well on film and in print. a lot of photographers then, and also today, weren't trained in how to photograph darker skin tones. most advice still orbits around photographing light skin tones. this is still a problem with digital sensors, as those were initially also optimized for light skin tones, while anything dark would be lacking in detail. face recognition software still sometime isn't sufficiently well calibrated for detecting dark skinned faces."
839	adjudicated	1	always. with front caps if for nothing else, to not lose them. with back caps, i'm obsessive about taking care of the rear element and keeping dust away from the mount.
840	adjudicated	1	would there be any reason not to?
841	adjudicated	1	when i was 9 my mom took me to disney world. they have some of the best cinnamon rolls there. i was sitting outside the crystal palace, happily eating my cinnamon roll, when a crow or something swooped down and stole it right out of my hand. i'm still mad about it 30 years later.
842	adjudicated	1	that bird got some massive brain freeze.
843	adjudicated	1	the cat did ask nicely though
844	adjudicated	1	for extra flavour
845	adjudicated	1	she makes the rules here
846	adjudicated	1	it's three baths now
847	adjudicated	1	"yep: ""i am doggo, i'm here to report that i am goodest boy"""
848	adjudicated	1	it looked like the cat knew what it was doing!
849	adjudicated	1	i think the other news reporter was trying to hide a grin
850	adjudicated	1	that dog was an rt operative.
851	adjudicated	1	steph, 2 time mvp one time unanimous mvp, saying i'll take a back seat to kevin durant on my -own- team is what made it all work so well
852	adjudicated	1	incidentally, james harden sees destiny frequently
853	adjudicated	1	as someone who's obviously bias, giddey has no chance. mobley is probably going to be all defensive 2nd team this year. he deserves 2nd place though.
854	adjudicated	1	get out of here with your logic this is r/nba!
855	adjudicated	1	joel embiid only played 31 games in his first 3 seasons (and only 94 in his first 4), and now he's a perennial mvp candidate
856	adjudicated	1	wouldn't a better comparison be how many games each player missed, seeing as covid shut down one of those seasons, and the other season was shorter than the typical 82 game season?
857	adjudicated	2	pls stop
858	adjudicated	1	giddey about to sweep the west rotm.
859	adjudicated	1	giddey is going to make an insane push for roty isn't he? breaking some young triple double records for the next two straights months.
860	adjudicated	1	my boy ayyyyoooooo rising to six!
861	adjudicated	1	"the look of disdain when you place it on the ""wrong"" mat ""how many times do we have to go through this??"" vibe"
862	adjudicated	1	difficult to describe, you just feel when it's purrfect
863	adjudicated	1	nothing derpy about that, clever dog!
864	adjudicated	1	so what is the temp? is it closer to colder or closer to warmer?
865	adjudicated	2	boop the snoot
866	adjudicated	1	"he's saying ""what are you doing?"""
867	adjudicated	1	a cat in a bath? odd
868	adjudicated	3	sounds like you need to take a bath and relax a little
869	adjudicated	2	actually really awful... i think the poor duck needs space to accelerate to fly out of the water. with the tiger chasing him, he's stuck
870	adjudicated	1	marco
871	adjudicated	1	exactly! i had some carrots in the fridge that started sprouting leaves so i figured i'd chuck the tops in the garden, add water, & see what happened. i've never grown carrots before & it was interesting to watch the tops grow. the tops got *huge* so i didn't expect much to be happening underground. just soil, water, & sun. hope you & yours kids have fun trying this!
872	adjudicated	1	wait dude what's happening here, did you plant the end bits and they took off? that's amazing, i'm gonna get the kids to try this. did you do anything specific like add some rooting hormone etc? or is is just straight in soil and water/wait?
873	adjudicated	1	i hope sweet sweet carnage ensued.
874	adjudicated	1	need context. you live in the philippines or you are loaded and have a room for this hobby??
875	adjudicated	1	this is all to real for me here in michigan. last year my daffodils got a nice snow blanket after blooming beautifully. they survived.
876	adjudicated	1	this is too funny! and oh so real. especially when you have a full week of spring-like days, then a sudden frost shows up out of nowhere with a vengeance.
877	adjudicated	1	more like absolutely jacked fruit.
878	adjudicated	1	absolutely gorgeous color
879	adjudicated	1	this is the same one, he's actually updating you with graduation pics
880	adjudicated	1	my man's over here bathing dark souls bosses.
881	adjudicated	1	stfup you are loved.
882	adjudicated	1	no no you have a point
883	adjudicated	1	Sorry to hear about your father. But yes, always remember to keep your pinky up. Water is for quitters.
884	adjudicated	2	dying alone gang where u at make some mf noise
885	adjudicated	2	oh sorry to hear that. let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.
886	adjudicated	3	looooser looooser edit: yes this is an sb reference not a diss.
887	adjudicated	1	you see spongebob and patrick are doing the right thing, both here and the original. they never moved.
888	adjudicated	2	wondering how much effort and time was putted in this video
889	adjudicated	1	Excellent piece and tribute to your dad. I'm sorry for your loss
890	adjudicated	1	this is a masterpiece
891	adjudicated	1	"guy on the left: guy in the middle: ""no that's how you do it."""
892	adjudicated	1	fun fact: that's how you actually take off chainmail they're so heavy that there's no point in trying to raise them above your head, so you just lean over and let it fall down. i believe that's also what the image is trying to point out
893	adjudicated	1	i love this sub. mates just point and laugh.
894	adjudicated	1	he's just planning for the the spanish inquisition
895	adjudicated	1	wow that neckbeard it's like a second jaw
896	adjudicated	1	he's just treasuring the moment before he murders them in cold blood.
897	adjudicated	3	nah fuck that. club em.
898	adjudicated	1	i'd only want the best for them and to wear their face.
899	adjudicated	1	at first glance, the goat looks like it's wearing a backwards baseball cap.
900	adjudicated	1	jesus christ in the year 33 before christ?
901	adjudicated	2	people don't realize this but in india there are times when a man is kidnapped by members of his own family and forced to marry some woman they chose for him. it's happened to many of my relatives and almost happened to my dad.
902	adjudicated	1	it's true, i'm men
903	adjudicated	2	looks like south indian. so men are usually 8 or more years older then their wives. also they are mostly arranged and it's gonna be miserable.
904	adjudicated	2	arranged marriages are forced on both parties, so many comments assume the groom here is some kind of evil misogynistic ass when they could both be not into this.
905	adjudicated	3	listen here you piece of shit..
906	adjudicated	2	i would say a core memory of receiving the message that she is powerless and unimportant, that her feelings don't matter, and that the adults closest to her cannot be trusted to show basic respect and consideration to her.
907	adjudicated	3	shitty human vibes
908	adjudicated	1	why not both
909	adjudicated	2	core memory of sadness or anger
910	adjudicated	1	That's some serious comedic talent in one short clip.
911	adjudicated	2	just because you put your food on a board doesn't make it charcuterie. good lord
912	adjudicated	1	my wife is lebanese. we thank you for including the mandatory orange drink
913	adjudicated	1	well i think gyro contains chicken , so basically no ! this is a dough like pizza dough and a herb called zaatar is spread on it with olive oil and is put in the oven then mint , onions , tomatoes , olives and cucumber are put on it and wrapped ! also you cam go to amy arabic store or pastry shop and order it !
914	adjudicated	1	very good , that was my favorite breakfast back when i was a kid !
915	adjudicated	1	the hdr on this bad boy cranked to 1009
916	adjudicated	1	i know nothing about lebanese food, but damn that looks good
917	adjudicated	1	that's a shit ton of brussel sprouts
918	adjudicated	1	ok it's decided. going out today to buy a propane griddle.
919	adjudicated	1	up north here that's probably 75 bucks worth of steak.
920	adjudicated	1	i have got to get me a blackstone. enjoy
921	adjudicated	2	yes, this. not saying it wasn't the appropriate move for those kids but your son has been put through it. and then you adopted kids to help. he has a lot of trauma. he is very resentful of the adoption. he is hurt by his father's actions. he is probably hurt that you took on more children instead of focusing solely on your own. he is not acting out because of nothing. he is a very hurt and scared little boy. he barely tries because he is scared of his future. he needs real help. he needs a bigger therapy course now. and you say you are in most of his sessions with him? he needs sessions all his own so he can actually open up.
922	adjudicated	1	in my opinion there should be no such meetings involving such small children without the parents present. there should possibly be a meeting between you and the school without any children first.
923	adjudicated	1	this. if your kid is sick, keep them home please. i'm recovering from an awful stomach bug i got from my toddler because some idiot sent their kid ill less than 48 hours after vomiting. i'm seriously worried about my 8 month old catching it.
924	adjudicated	1	"hi! i used to work with kids like yours. it's rough as fuck. there's no ""good"" way out of where you're at because you're already - more importantly *he's* already - way in over his head. so everything is going to feel like shit for everyone, but a key point to take away is this: he can't learn to make good decisions if he's not being provided with *useful* feedback. what makes feedback useful is basically three things: immediate, unambiguous, and brief. this feedback loop is actually exactly what makes video games so satisfying. they've been designed to make the gap between mistake and consequ short, clear, and let you redo. contrast that with what just played out with the chores: the feedback (consequence) was delayed (the week was already over), unambiguous, and permanent. you're going to need buy in from him, but that's only going to come by leaning on your relationship which sounds like it isn't doing so hot right now. he needs to really feel like you're on his side. that's going to take time reinvesting in that relationship. or, you can also quite fairly say that you've done enough. that he's nearly an adult and will reap what he sows. at a certain point, this has to be the next step, and where that point is can only be up to you"
925	adjudicated	1	i was bullied and assaulted on school grounds, and was coerced by the social worker *to apologize to my bullies because i made one inappropriate comment toward them*, and they didn't notify my mother. there was no faculty supervision when i gave my truly heartfelt apology over my callous and thoughtless words. they beat me up again (my mom was a single mom who worked nocs and was often forced into am shifts, so she didn't see me until after everything was said and done). the second time all students involved were permanently expelled from the school district and had to bus out to another county for the rest of their school career. i realize i was 14 years old, not a young child, but do not trust faculty to handle this situation in an appropriate manner without a parent present. especially *because* your child is a young child, it is even more important that you be present.
926	adjudicated	1	have you considered it's the adoption of the siblings that's the issue? it sounds like the must take up a lot of your time and resources to raise them? especially considering their backgrounds?
927	adjudicated	2	some of these comments are scary. like have people heard of rsv? it ain't just covid overrunning pediatric er's right now. what may be a runny nose for one kid is a stay in the pediatric icu for another kid who may have been perfectly healthy before. you can't play around with stuff like this!
928	adjudicated	1	"just to give you perspective from the other side, or maybe why daycares have this policy: my daughter was born when my son was 17 months old. my son was in full time daycare before i went on mat leave, since my husband and i work full time. my husband got 1 unpaid day off when each kid was born. we decided to keep my son in daycare half time, since i couldn't physically take care of him (lift him into his crib, etc) but couldn't afford full time while i was on leave. a parent sent their child to daycare with ""just a cold."" my son brought home ""just a cold."" what presented as ""just a cold"" in toddlers actually was meningitis and my 6 day old daughter was in the picu for a week, where we weren't sure if she would live. this was pre covid. i understand how frustrating it must be to have your childcare solution be changed at the last minute, but i'm so grateful for daycares that have this type of policy to protect those that aren't able to protect themselves. while it might seem annoying to have to work around your work schedule with a runny-nosed child, it is probably easier than managing a hospital stay with a newborn. so i get it - but there is another side."
929	adjudicated	2	"i say this as a teacher: i would not allow my child in a meeting with the bullies without my presence. i would not trust the potential manipulation and frankly the comments made at this point are far beyond the level a 7 year old should be dealing with. this isn't ""heather called me names"" this is a serious allegation that needs to be taken as such, not handled in a mediated conversation with an ap who is not trained in these types of conversations."
930	adjudicated	1	a death threat? easy. just call the police. that's way beyond school jurisdiction.
931	adjudicated	1	99% fiat is held by 1% holders.
932	adjudicated	1	this is quite literally the definition of fiat currency, and as elementary as it can get. he's not so much admitting anything as he is explaining some basic fundamentals on how modern currency works.
933	adjudicated	1	"i mean this is textbook stuff, it's not like he accidentally disclosed a fed secret and was forced to ""admit"" anything, and now at long last, the cat is out of the bag."
934	adjudicated	1	"as coin bureau just tweeted: ""know this: the money in your bank account is one ""state of emergency"" away from being the government's money.."""
935	adjudicated	2	the chinese have been driving real estate pricing thru the roof in all of canada's major cities through laundered money and a couple paltry changes have done nothing. a few truckers get together and bank accounts are frozen and companies are directed to hold payments. wow
936	adjudicated	1	it's interesting that canada now considers bitcoin to be money. this is a beginning of recognition, even if it is done in an aggressive way.
937	adjudicated	2	but money laundering in housing is ok.
938	adjudicated	2	bitcoin was never intended to be used to evade taxes or be anonymous. some of you completely miss the point of crypto and it shows.
939	adjudicated	1	and they say bitcoin is useless!
940	adjudicated	1	yeah what happened to bitcoin being not real or a scam? if it was, it wouldn't be on any watchlist.
941	adjudicated	1	ok, but what about languages based on number of jobs
942	adjudicated	1	i still prefer static html for smaller projects, never breaks, never needs maintenance :)
943	adjudicated	1	awesome! my grandfather learned to make simple websites (just html) in the late 90s when he was in his 60s. then he taught me and i've been hooked with computers ever since.
944	adjudicated	2	karma farming with three year old news.
945	adjudicated	2	> not arrested ? > > you can surrender yourself to the police. ah thanks, i will !!
946	adjudicated	2	> it's a running joke in the crypto communities. crypto communities are the running joke
947	adjudicated	1	i used to work with a few ad agencies. we did two web sites specifically for super bowl ads. each time budget was 10% functionality, 90% testing/infrastructure/scaling. with larger agencies this was expected (and they are not budget conscious). smaller agencies pushed back on and we actually rejected more than one project based on lack of understanding/willingness to pay for scaling.
948	adjudicated	1	the bean-counters told them that spending millions on a superbowl ad was capex, but spending half that much on developers salaries is opex, and increases to opex aren't in the budget.
949	adjudicated	1	"in the third paragraph where it says ""3 x 109 letters long, or some 3 gigabytes""- should it instead say 10^9?"
950	adjudicated	1	they were using a text format where each nucleotide was reprented by an ascii character, so it would've taken 1 byte even though there were only four combinations. as for *why* they were using a text format, i'm guessing it's because ease of processing was more important than storage space. if you squeeze in each nucleotide into 2 bits, you need to decode and re-encode it every time you want to do something to the individual letters, and you can't leverage existing text processing tools. i have zero evidence for this though, so take it with a bucket of salt.
951	adjudicated	1	that mustve sucked seeing all that work setting up just to have that happen
952	adjudicated	1	what's infuriating here? i think you just lack humor, op.
953	adjudicated	3	to all the idiots saying its the nazi symbol: op said it was from the 1800's and nazis did not exist back then this same symbol was and still is the hindu peace symbol the nazi one is rotated
954	adjudicated	1	he did say it was spongebob, not his wealthier cousin who can afford pants, spongebob squarepants esq.
955	adjudicated	1	grr, 12
956	adjudicated	2	there's so much wrong with this order
957	adjudicated	1	wow. there's no wall in my house big enough for an 85' television!
958	adjudicated	1	spongebob ate them all, you can see he's got his cheeks full. guilty-ass looking piece of disposable kitchenware
959	adjudicated	1	yeah sorry i'm just wound up from the stress
960	adjudicated	1	alright, my bad! plus, a big ass tv like that one surely comes with warranty. i was just joking :(
961	adjudicated	1	very nutritious but they smell like death.
962	adjudicated	1	i sprout mung beans in my desk
963	adjudicated	1	i'm pretty sure that's actually an american dish but yum!
964	adjudicated	1	"it can also be mixed with rice or pasta stretch those items and cut calories. this works great for mexican / asian style ""bowls""."
965	adjudicated	1	bean sprouts are another awesome alternative. like cabbage, they're cheap and it's easy to cook in bulk if you're just interested in quantity of food. they can also be super nutrient dense. my favorite use of them is with stir fry, where they make a decent substitute for noodles.
966	adjudicated	1	i bulk up soup with cooked, pureed zucchini. it makes a good base for tons of stuff.
967	adjudicated	1	cabbage is cheap and it's bland enough that you can use it sliced or shredded as a substitute for rice or pasta in most dishes.
968	adjudicated	1	eggs are cheap, nutritious, and keto approved. you can also use steamed veggies to bulk out a meal. depends on where you live but around me there are bags of frozen steamables for like a buck at walmart and kroger. big leafy salads are good for stretching your budget too. spaghetti squash is great too, you get a ton of food from one squash and you can use it very similarly to pasta. it doesn't taste the same but it's really good with a keto alfredo, chicken, and spinach or broccoli.
969	adjudicated	1	oh damn, this is like the perfect answer. never even considered sous vide but that would work amazingly. i'd get the benefit of using water while not having to introduce water directly.
970	adjudicated	1	i cut it so it's thin rectangles, and use garlic powder, salt, and pepper. cool it in light oil for 2.5 minutes a side until golden brown. usually 2 flips
971	adjudicated	1	lucky those horns aren't sharp. same could be said about the dude
972	adjudicated	1	have balls. would rather take a bonk in the donk than have my femoral artery torn open by a steer.
973	adjudicated	1	Lol I love how the girl in the middle takes a bite out of the fruit and puts it back in her friends drink
974	adjudicated	1	yeah if he was aggressive it would look a lot different / this video would be on another sub
975	adjudicated	1	bro watched one episode of greys anatomy and can now diagnose anyone with a detailed list of injuries.
976	adjudicated	1	they're usually pretty self-aware of their horns, but i think he was enjoying the scritches too much and got carried away!
977	adjudicated	1	good piece of advice, steer clear of the horns on animals like that
978	adjudicated	1	lucky it didn't gore into his thigh and cut the vein! i'd rather a hit in the beans over a life threatening injury any day! lol
979	adjudicated	1	that could have been much worse.
980	adjudicated	1	pow! right in the watusi.
981	adjudicated	1	this is so cool! did you make that border yourself?
982	adjudicated	1	just put them in a time capsule and bury it where twinleaf will be.
983	adjudicated	1	"it didnt fit in my ""favorite of each type"" panel, but got really close to be on it. it has a really simple design and is kinda cute imo. plus i think it was kinda rare in hg/ss (i think you needed to get a call by a specific fisherman)"
984	adjudicated	1	to be honest, overqwil is such a cool name
985	adjudicated	3	kick the baby
986	adjudicated	2	i know, right? my pokemon takes a nap and i just want to sit next to them and pet them. and while we're at it, why can't i send my pokemon out in my own goddamned house??? ... i just wanna sleep with them next to my bed.
987	adjudicated	1	at that point, having an alpha, having a shiny, and having an alpha shiny (with every variation for f/m) would be 100%. gotta get that dex complete complete.
988	adjudicated	1	this is really the area i'd like to see them improve on in future games. just general ui and menus. the clothing shop should list by overall clothing type first and only then open up a list of color options. the hairdresser shouldn't charge you until after you've selected options to change, being charged just to even look at the options even if you don't intend on changing your current style is silly. npcs that sell/buy unique things in bulk just need options to pick how many you want to sell/buy, not only have options to pick between like 1, 5, or 10 at a time. when selling things to the general store you really ought to have the option to sort your item box. just things like that.
989	adjudicated	1	to me 100% is completed pokedex, not shiny charm. but its debatable lol cause the 100% dex is really that long, shiny charm not so much
990	adjudicated	1	"100% as in prefected every single dex page? or as in getting the shiny charm? i've seen people set wildly different metrics for ""100%"" the game"
991	adjudicated	2	the funniest part is that you believed him.
992	adjudicated	2	not only that, but just like the medical industry- the discussion is never about cutting costs, it's about shifting the payment burden. any politician who isn't talking about making it cheaper, but making other people pay for it is lying about what is going to happen.
993	adjudicated	1	that's not student debt cancellation at all.
994	adjudicated	1	>ends lol
995	adjudicated	1	orrrrrrrr just repeal the recent the law that prevents people from using the existing law that's been around for 100+ years which was created to help people solve this exact problem... bankruptcy. what do you think happens when colleges and those companies that issue college loans know that you have to pay the loans back no matter what? they charge more.
996	adjudicated	1	or when harris said she'd propose a bill in which we'd receive $2000 stimulus every month until the pandemic ends.
997	adjudicated	1	i'm looking at the way back machine around the election for his website and see nothing of the sort. i'd be interested in seeing a specific date for such an easily provable claim. i see the same thing every click > we are the nation that built the hoover dam and the transcontinental railroad. landed a man on the moon. cured polio. built the internet. sequenced the human genome. and we will be the nation to end cancer as we know it. > this is the history of the journey of this country: it's one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things. i believe that as much today as i did when i got elected to the united states senate as a 29-year-old kid. but we have to remember who we are. at our best, america has always thought big. that's why the negativity, the pettiness, the small-mindedness of our politics today drives me crazy. we're better than this. > it's time to reach deep into the soul of this country and once again give everyone and i mean everyone the opportunity to achieve the impossible. it's time to look beyond 24-hour news cycles and 140-character arguments. it's time to treat each other with dignity and respect. not as opponents, but as fellow americans. because that's what we are. > this is a time for big dreams and american possibilities. if that's what you believe and you're ready to help elect folks who believe that, and to support groups and causes that embody that spirit then i'm asking you to join me today.
998	adjudicated	1	"despite what schumer thinks can be solved ""with a simple stroke of the pen"", there is no easy road to blanket loan forgiveness under the higher education act. it doesn't matter if it's a $10,000, $50,000, or a complete write-off of the debt. the only certainly is this: an executive order which forgives student loans (in part or in full) will be challenged in the courts, and then it will die in the courts. in the meantime, this issue will be politicized even more, making it that much harder for congress to pass any sensible loan forgiveness legislation. congress has always been the way forward on this issue."
999	adjudicated	2	you've been played like a fiddle.
1000	adjudicated	1	I love this movie. Perfect.
