501	noelpregot	2	it's like zuck saw ready player one and thinks he can make it happen xd
501	pranavnagarajan	2	it's like zuck saw ready player one and thinks he can make it happen xd
502	noelpregot	1	if it were us, she would have lost her actual grandma in some kind of epic options fail.
502	pranavnagarajan	2	if it were us, she would have lost her actual grandma in some kind of epic options fail.
503	noelpregot	1	thanks for letting me know the forms are up, god forbid rh does
503	pranavnagarajan	2	thanks for letting me know the forms are up, god forbid rh does
504	noelpregot	2	the greatest innovation of the last 20 years was convincing women wearing yoga pants in public was socially acceptable. bless
504	pranavnagarajan	2	the greatest innovation of the last 20 years was convincing women wearing yoga pants in public was socially acceptable. bless
505	noelpregot	1	classic dump and pump and dump
505	pranavnagarajan	2	classic dump and pump and dump
506	noelpregot	1	"bro riding elon for donating to an ""unknown charity"". you fanboys are built different"
506	pranavnagarajan	2	"bro riding elon for donating to an ""unknown charity"". you fanboys are built different"
507	noelpregot	2	classic russian bear
507	pranavnagarajan	2	classic russian bear
508	pranavnagarajan	2	they actually don't think about us at all
508	noelpregot	1	they actually don't think about us at all
509	pranavnagarajan	2	someone comes and washes your stocks so they are nice and clean
509	noelpregot	2	someone comes and washes your stocks so they are nice and clean
510	pranavnagarajan	1	what's a wash sale
510	noelpregot	1	what's a wash sale
511	pranavnagarajan	2	you know gates hasn't even been on the board of microsoft for years now right?
511	noelpregot	1	you know gates hasn't even been on the board of microsoft for years now right?
512	noelpregot	3	"this is a scarily garbage piece of ""journalism"". there is no relevance whatsoever and no reason to bring it up except of course for the blindingly obvious but unsaid allegation of insider trading. but it's never brought up because of course they can't support it and they have no evidence. i really don't want my journalism to rely on the wink wink technique. (and of course the top voted comments are the ones making the brilliant logical leap to insider trading)"
512	pranavnagarajan	2	"this is a scarily garbage piece of ""journalism"". there is no relevance whatsoever and no reason to bring it up except of course for the blindingly obvious but unsaid allegation of insider trading. but it's never brought up because of course they can't support it and they have no evidence. i really don't want my journalism to rely on the wink wink technique. (and of course the top voted comments are the ones making the brilliant logical leap to insider trading)"
513	noelpregot	1	isn't this buffet's usual strategy? i feel like i've seen multiple interviews and articles where he talks about buying when the rest of the market is reacting negatively to something. i mean this is famously how this dude operates
513	pranavnagarajan	2	isn't this buffet's usual strategy? i feel like i've seen multiple interviews and articles where he talks about buying when the rest of the market is reacting negatively to something. i mean this is famously how this dude operates
514	noelpregot	1	buying shares when they're undervalued is not insider trading. it's just smart investing. activision's shares were undervalued because of all of the harassment allegations, which made them a smart investment. lots of savvy investors bought at the same time.
514	pranavnagarajan	1	buying shares when they're undervalued is not insider trading. it's just smart investing. activision's shares were undervalued because of all of the harassment allegations, which made them a smart investment. lots of savvy investors bought at the same time.
515	noelpregot	1	yeah, i've never even bought shares before and i was hugely tempted to buy some of activision's shares. i was intensely frustrated when i heard about the acquisition, as i'd convinced myself it was too risky...
515	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah, i've never even bought shares before and i was hugely tempted to buy some of activision's shares. i was intensely frustrated when i heard about the acquisition, as i'd convinced myself it was too risky...
516	pranavnagarajan	1	activision was considered a fairly safe bet at the time, the dip had already occurred, the scandals were blowing over and the shares were rising steadily and expected to eventually get back to around their original price. that doesn't take someone who knows a lot about tech, it takes someone with basic business knowledge and access to lots of funds they can accept a relatively small risk on. a billion dollars isn't even an eight of a percent of berkshire hathaway's current assets, this is the type of deal they have to make fairly regularly to keep their money going around.
516	noelpregot	1	activision was considered a fairly safe bet at the time, the dip had already occurred, the scandals were blowing over and the shares were rising steadily and expected to eventually get back to around their original price. that doesn't take someone who knows a lot about tech, it takes someone with basic business knowledge and access to lots of funds they can accept a relatively small risk on. a billion dollars isn't even an eight of a percent of berkshire hathaway's current assets, this is the type of deal they have to make fairly regularly to keep their money going around.
517	noelpregot	1	gates is no longer on microsoft's board of directors and only ever owns between 1-3% of the company (part og the reason his wealth is a lot more tangible than musk and bezos). the much more reasonable explanation than insider trading is that an investment firm that's famously good at finding undervalued investments decided to buy into an asset that was in a big dip but that was already starting to slowly climb back up. the industry opinion at the time was that activision's value would go back to normal even if it took a year or so.
517	pranavnagarajan	1	gates is no longer on microsoft's board of directors and only ever owns between 1-3% of the company (part og the reason his wealth is a lot more tangible than musk and bezos). the much more reasonable explanation than insider trading is that an investment firm that's famously good at finding undervalued investments decided to buy into an asset that was in a big dip but that was already starting to slowly climb back up. the industry opinion at the time was that activision's value would go back to normal even if it took a year or so.
518	pranavnagarajan	2	correct me if i'm wrong, but the article says he bought it at the peak of the sexual harassment allegations, when the prices were very low. a smart move because obviously activision was going to rebound from that.
518	noelpregot	1	correct me if i'm wrong, but the article says he bought it at the peak of the sexual harassment allegations, when the prices were very low. a smart move because obviously activision was going to rebound from that.
519	noelpregot	1	not that there couldn't be something shady going on here, but i find i interesting how many people are saying there is no way a historically successful investor could see anything in this crap company, while not batting and eye at the fact microsoft saw enough to buy them. perhaps they both saw the same potential.
519	pranavnagarajan	2	not that there couldn't be something shady going on here, but i find i interesting how many people are saying there is no way a historically successful investor could see anything in this crap company, while not batting and eye at the fact microsoft saw enough to buy them. perhaps they both saw the same potential.
520	pranavnagarajan	2	since it was only a billion it was probably one of his investing deputies who don't need to clear investments with buffett
520	noelpregot	1	since it was only a billion it was probably one of his investing deputies who don't need to clear investments with buffett
521	noelpregot	1	"the thing is that in the throes of depression, you don't have the motivation to get up and go outside and get sunlight, you don't have the energy to muster up in order to exercise, you don't have the mental capacity for social engagement, or worse don't feel you deserve it. yes, for most people who suffer depression we know that these things help. the number of years of therapy i've gone through, the nearly lifetime of being in and out of different therapists offices, i've learned what ""should"" work. we've all been given that list. but when that depression is laying over you like a thousand-ton weighted blanket and your body feels like a corpse and you almost think it might be better if it were one so that it wouldn't have to be burdensome to the people you love any more.... a little bit of sunshine and drinking more water isn't going to do the fucking trick. you're not a gorram flower."
521	pranavnagarajan	2	"the thing is that in the throes of depression, you don't have the motivation to get up and go outside and get sunlight, you don't have the energy to muster up in order to exercise, you don't have the mental capacity for social engagement, or worse don't feel you deserve it. yes, for most people who suffer depression we know that these things help. the number of years of therapy i've gone through, the nearly lifetime of being in and out of different therapists offices, i've learned what ""should"" work. we've all been given that list. but when that depression is laying over you like a thousand-ton weighted blanket and your body feels like a corpse and you almost think it might be better if it were one so that it wouldn't have to be burdensome to the people you love any more.... a little bit of sunshine and drinking more water isn't going to do the fucking trick. you're not a gorram flower."
522	noelpregot	1	let's pledge to do something to change that
522	pranavnagarajan	1	let's pledge to do something to change that
523	noelpregot	1	at face value, yes. it's an introduction to various forms of mindfulness/spiritualism too though, particularly with focus on meditation. it's really something else, i can't say there is anything else i have seen quite like it. helped me get back into more mindful self love practices. absolutely would recommend
523	pranavnagarajan	1	at face value, yes. it's an introduction to various forms of mindfulness/spiritualism too though, particularly with focus on meditation. it's really something else, i can't say there is anything else i have seen quite like it. helped me get back into more mindful self love practices. absolutely would recommend
524	pranavnagarajan	2	unless i missed something, isn't it just a trippy animated podcast?
524	noelpregot	2	unless i missed something, isn't it just a trippy animated podcast?
525	pranavnagarajan	1	bro i cried at the end
525	noelpregot	1	bro i cried at the end
526	pranavnagarajan	1	the midnight gospel doesn't get talked about enough
526	noelpregot	1	the midnight gospel doesn't get talked about enough
527	noelpregot	1	until you made it your alarm...
527	pranavnagarajan	1	until you made it your alarm...
528	pranavnagarajan	1	there aren't enough midnight gospels memes
528	noelpregot	1	there aren't enough midnight gospels memes
529	noelpregot	2	so you listen to it 100 more times, just to make sure lol.
529	pranavnagarajan	1	so you listen to it 100 more times, just to make sure lol.
530	pranavnagarajan	1	dude this show was such a vibe
530	noelpregot	1	dude this show was such a vibe
531	pranavnagarajan	2	does everyone remember 2 years ago when the price of a barrel of oil went negative for a little while because no one wanted to store it? good. glad we haven't already forgotten. opec's response was to drastically cut their oil production (something wild like 80% or more) and even this week refused to ramp back up. the oil producers and oil companies want this so they can make record profits again.
531	noelpregot	1	does everyone remember 2 years ago when the price of a barrel of oil went negative for a little while because no one wanted to store it? good. glad we haven't already forgotten. opec's response was to drastically cut their oil production (something wild like 80% or more) and even this week refused to ramp back up. the oil producers and oil companies want this so they can make record profits again.
532	noelpregot	1	except winner in the popular vote, which in most peoples minds means she should have won the whole thing.
532	pranavnagarajan	1	except winner in the popular vote, which in most peoples minds means she should have won the whole thing.
533	noelpregot	1	my partner has been going through this for the past few years, i empathize with how stressful the last decade must have been for you. i hope sharing your victory with her will help her feel less isolated with what she's experiencing.
533	pranavnagarajan	1	my partner has been going through this for the past few years, i empathize with how stressful the last decade must have been for you. i hope sharing your victory with her will help her feel less isolated with what she's experiencing.
534	noelpregot	1	narrator: they aren't
534	pranavnagarajan	2	narrator: they aren't
535	pranavnagarajan	2	24/7 news is just absolutely toxic no matter where they land politically. just shouldn't be a thing.
535	noelpregot	3	24/7 news is just absolutely toxic no matter where they land politically. just shouldn't be a thing.
536	noelpregot	2	both sides are the same
536	pranavnagarajan	2	both sides are the same
537	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm a bleeding heart liberal and find it exhausting watching networks like cnn or msnbc. i'll take pbs news hour or bbc world news any day.
537	noelpregot	2	i'm a bleeding heart liberal and find it exhausting watching networks like cnn or msnbc. i'll take pbs news hour or bbc world news any day.
538	noelpregot	1	thanks for the both sides take from the account with a scrubbed history.
538	pranavnagarajan	2	thanks for the both sides take from the account with a scrubbed history.
539	noelpregot	2	cnn is pretty tame in comparison to fox news.
539	pranavnagarajan	2	cnn is pretty tame in comparison to fox news.
540	noelpregot	1	including hillary. she's not running again. it's just not happening.
540	pranavnagarajan	1	including hillary. she's not running again. it's just not happening.
541	noelpregot	3	yeah exactly. you don't pick healthy people for trials like this. you pick someone who is generally fucked and is willing to try crazy shit for science.
541	pranavnagarajan	2	yeah exactly. you don't pick healthy people for trials like this. you pick someone who is generally fucked and is willing to try crazy shit for science.
542	pranavnagarajan	1	"al qaeda in iraq used to setup fake ""duds"", bombs they setup to lure u.s. bomb technicians, but they would have a live one nearby, or setup ambush/mortar attacks. one reason why we went to blowing things up, instead of dismantling the bomb."
542	noelpregot	2	"al qaeda in iraq used to setup fake ""duds"", bombs they setup to lure u.s. bomb technicians, but they would have a live one nearby, or setup ambush/mortar attacks. one reason why we went to blowing things up, instead of dismantling the bomb."
543	pranavnagarajan	1	"i used to do some infrastructure work inside the eod squadron building on base and there was a big banner inside the front door that said ""not dead yet"" and another one on another wall in the building that said ""everyone's divorced"""
543	noelpregot	1	"i used to do some infrastructure work inside the eod squadron building on base and there was a big banner inside the front door that said ""not dead yet"" and another one on another wall in the building that said ""everyone's divorced"""
544	pranavnagarajan	1	as long as you're hearing bombs, you know it's not yours.
544	noelpregot	1	as long as you're hearing bombs, you know it's not yours.
545	noelpregot	1	I bet Chris is over the moon tonight, that show will have insane energy.
545	pranavnagarajan	1	I bet Chris is over the moon tonight, that show will have insane energy.
546	pranavnagarajan	2	"i expected a wikipedia entry, not a product page with a ""contact us for purchase"" button lol"
546	noelpregot	1	"i expected a wikipedia entry, not a product page with a ""contact us for purchase"" button lol"
547	pranavnagarajan	1	"i have a feeling that those guys were already pretty confident that the bomb wouldn't go off; not that they were increasing the odds of success from ""impossible"" to ""somewhat below impossible"" by dribbling some water."
547	noelpregot	1	"i have a feeling that those guys were already pretty confident that the bomb wouldn't go off; not that they were increasing the odds of success from ""impossible"" to ""somewhat below impossible"" by dribbling some water."
548	pranavnagarajan	1	most high explosives are extremely stable, you don't want them going off before you intend them to (like if the plane carrying it gets shot at). you can pound c4 with a hammer and it won't do anything. the fuse is a mini explosive that has enough kick to set off the main charge.
548	noelpregot	1	most high explosives are extremely stable, you don't want them going off before you intend them to (like if the plane carrying it gets shot at). you can pound c4 with a hammer and it won't do anything. the fuse is a mini explosive that has enough kick to set off the main charge.
549	noelpregot	2	not really. in the slavic east, those kinds of expressions have been in popular vernacular since ww2. even kids use them.
549	pranavnagarajan	1	not really. in the slavic east, those kinds of expressions have been in popular vernacular since ww2. even kids use them.
550	pranavnagarajan	1	most reasonable thing ive read here
550	noelpregot	2	most reasonable thing ive read here
551	pranavnagarajan	1	this is especially true when you're new and trying to get into the habit of going to the gym. if you're having trouble going, even if you fire up a podcast and walk on the treadmill for half an hour, that's more than you would have done otherwise and you helped reinforce in your head that this time is gym time.
551	noelpregot	1	this is especially true when you're new and trying to get into the habit of going to the gym. if you're having trouble going, even if you fire up a podcast and walk on the treadmill for half an hour, that's more than you would have done otherwise and you helped reinforce in your head that this time is gym time.
552	noelpregot	1	a crappy workout day is still better than no workout day. use those days to focus on fundamentals and form and you may learn something along the way, like better mind muscle connection, a better hand positioning, a better cue. don't obsess over increasing weight from the previous week if it ain't gonna happen that day. progress is more than gravitational flux.
552	pranavnagarajan	1	a crappy workout day is still better than no workout day. use those days to focus on fundamentals and form and you may learn something along the way, like better mind muscle connection, a better hand positioning, a better cue. don't obsess over increasing weight from the previous week if it ain't gonna happen that day. progress is more than gravitational flux.
553	noelpregot	1	i did the monkey bars for the first time in my life last week...at age 26 this is something most kids grew up doing but i was a pretty out of shape, indoorsy kid, unable to even hold myself on a rope in gym class so i'm just happy i can do it and it brings me so much joy to just do a couple back and forth at the end of my workout
553	pranavnagarajan	1	i did the monkey bars for the first time in my life last week...at age 26 this is something most kids grew up doing but i was a pretty out of shape, indoorsy kid, unable to even hold myself on a rope in gym class so i'm just happy i can do it and it brings me so much joy to just do a couple back and forth at the end of my workout
554	noelpregot	1	i joined a gym this week for the first time in 4 years. not really a story but i wanted to tell someone.
554	pranavnagarajan	1	i joined a gym this week for the first time in 4 years. not really a story but i wanted to tell someone.
555	noelpregot	1	the gym hired a new front desk chick 2 weeks ago. she was super friendly and loved the job. she worked closing and a few if the regulars would hang out after close and help her close down the gym. this week her husband came in the gym and threatened to beat up some trainer who she worked out with. she got fired so now the gym is short staffed again.
555	pranavnagarajan	1	the gym hired a new front desk chick 2 weeks ago. she was super friendly and loved the job. she worked closing and a few if the regulars would hang out after close and help her close down the gym. this week her husband came in the gym and threatened to beat up some trainer who she worked out with. she got fired so now the gym is short staffed again.
556	pranavnagarajan	1	never skip anus day bro
556	noelpregot	2	never skip anus day bro
557	pranavnagarajan	1	"i'm a beginner in olympic weightlifting working with a coach at a gym that's basically a powerlifting gym on one side, and a weightlifting gym on the other. we were doing some snatch complexes when this dude walks over to me. i seen him before, he's by far the strongest lifter out of all of us on the weightlifting side of the gym, after my set he walks over to me and my coach and goes, ""you're starting to look real good out here man, keep it up"" it was a very nice feeling to have someone who has obviously put so much time and work into their sport, come over and sort of welcome me into their world. i believe a gym atmosphere like that is a big part of what keeps people coming back"
557	noelpregot	1	"i'm a beginner in olympic weightlifting working with a coach at a gym that's basically a powerlifting gym on one side, and a weightlifting gym on the other. we were doing some snatch complexes when this dude walks over to me. i seen him before, he's by far the strongest lifter out of all of us on the weightlifting side of the gym, after my set he walks over to me and my coach and goes, ""you're starting to look real good out here man, keep it up"" it was a very nice feeling to have someone who has obviously put so much time and work into their sport, come over and sort of welcome me into their world. i believe a gym atmosphere like that is a big part of what keeps people coming back"
558	pranavnagarajan	1	"i'm really proud of my progress. i can power clean and press 115lb with strong form. i could only do 8 reps consistently. i'm a tiny, short, mexican chick but seeing my self lift near my body weight was a proud moment for me. also- i have noticed my traps have gotten larger and more ""mountain"" looking and i am here for it. it has significantly improved my power cleans and shoulder presses."
558	noelpregot	1	"i'm really proud of my progress. i can power clean and press 115lb with strong form. i could only do 8 reps consistently. i'm a tiny, short, mexican chick but seeing my self lift near my body weight was a proud moment for me. also- i have noticed my traps have gotten larger and more ""mountain"" looking and i am here for it. it has significantly improved my power cleans and shoulder presses."
559	pranavnagarajan	1	"for those of you old enough to remember duke nukem, there is a guy in my gym who looks exactly like that. now every time i see him i have ""i got balls of steel"" repeating in my head."
559	noelpregot	1	"for those of you old enough to remember duke nukem, there is a guy in my gym who looks exactly like that. now every time i see him i have ""i got balls of steel"" repeating in my head."
560	pranavnagarajan	1	"the proper etiquette is to make the set an amrap and then, without looking at your pants, scan the room assertively and proclaim ""and that's how you hit depth"""
560	noelpregot	1	"the proper etiquette is to make the set an amrap and then, without looking at your pants, scan the room assertively and proclaim ""and that's how you hit depth"""
561	pranavnagarajan	2	*either way* 'our long national nightmare is far from over', if we must rely on the lich to improve things.
561	noelpregot	1	*either way* 'our long national nightmare is far from over', if we must rely on the lich to improve things.
562	pranavnagarajan	2	thiel has said that he doesn't believe democracy is compatible with his brand of freedom... so for us to live in the libertarian utopia he envisions, we are going to have to have a dictatorship.
562	noelpregot	2	thiel has said that he doesn't believe democracy is compatible with his brand of freedom... so for us to live in the libertarian utopia he envisions, we are going to have to have a dictatorship.
563	noelpregot	3	will you be retracting this comment now that the shooter has been detained?
563	pranavnagarajan	2	will you be retracting this comment now that the shooter has been detained?
564	noelpregot	2	so basically if you're serving your country overseas, texas just flipped you the bird. how patriotic
564	pranavnagarajan	2	so basically if you're serving your country overseas, texas just flipped you the bird. how patriotic
565	pranavnagarajan	2	he needs to be constitutionally barred from running for reelection.
565	noelpregot	3	he needs to be constitutionally barred from running for reelection.
566	noelpregot	2	fascism is okay when it's their guy.
566	pranavnagarajan	2	fascism is okay when it's their guy.
567	noelpregot	2	ultimately, mcconnell knows there's really only one way he's going to be able to thwart trump permanently, and that is to support the findings of the january 6th committee (which will likely continue to implicate trump directly in the insurrection) and then whip \[read: ***buy***\] however much gop support he can for participation in the invocation of section 3 of the 14th amendment. i think all of that will hinge on how well trump-backed candidates perform in the primaries this year. if they fail, mcconnell has all the ammo he needs to see this through to the end, and that could come as soon as this summer. in fact, such action would probably be *good* for gop turnout in the fall because all of the legal battles over the 14th amendment would have republican voters foaming at the mouth. if trump's people win in significant numbers, buckle your chinstraps because mcconnell is not going to outright sabotage the gop ahead of 2 crucial elections in '22 and '24. if it's a wash, it will all depend on *where* trump's people win. if they only win nominations in rabidly republican strongholds, mcconnell may still move forward with a plan to extricate trump from the party to whatever extent possible, albeit more muted than he has been recently. if trump's people win nominations in races that will be competitive in the general election, everything will depend on their performance in the fall. tl;dr: if trump-backed gop candidates get wiped out in the primaries this year, mcconnell has very little incentive to keep giving him any cover. if not... our long national nightmare is far from over.
567	pranavnagarajan	2	ultimately, mcconnell knows there's really only one way he's going to be able to thwart trump permanently, and that is to support the findings of the january 6th committee (which will likely continue to implicate trump directly in the insurrection) and then whip \[read: ***buy***\] however much gop support he can for participation in the invocation of section 3 of the 14th amendment. i think all of that will hinge on how well trump-backed candidates perform in the primaries this year. if they fail, mcconnell has all the ammo he needs to see this through to the end, and that could come as soon as this summer. in fact, such action would probably be *good* for gop turnout in the fall because all of the legal battles over the 14th amendment would have republican voters foaming at the mouth. if trump's people win in significant numbers, buckle your chinstraps because mcconnell is not going to outright sabotage the gop ahead of 2 crucial elections in '22 and '24. if it's a wash, it will all depend on *where* trump's people win. if they only win nominations in rabidly republican strongholds, mcconnell may still move forward with a plan to extricate trump from the party to whatever extent possible, albeit more muted than he has been recently. if trump's people win nominations in races that will be competitive in the general election, everything will depend on their performance in the fall. tl;dr: if trump-backed gop candidates get wiped out in the primaries this year, mcconnell has very little incentive to keep giving him any cover. if not... our long national nightmare is far from over.
568	pranavnagarajan	2	this was the only goal of the new laws. that's why we call them voter suppression laws.
568	noelpregot	2	this was the only goal of the new laws. that's why we call them voter suppression laws.
569	noelpregot	1	they have been calling them rinos.
569	pranavnagarajan	2	they have been calling them rinos.
570	noelpregot	3	lol. old school republican tries to shame a modern republican. theres no shame there. modern republicans have zero shame. they will lie, they will grift, and nothing shames them.
570	pranavnagarajan	3	lol. old school republican tries to shame a modern republican. theres no shame there. modern republicans have zero shame. they will lie, they will grift, and nothing shames them.
571	pranavnagarajan	2	we created a society so reliant on cars that drivers face basically zero repercussions. whats that saying? if you want to get away with murder, use a car?
571	noelpregot	2	we created a society so reliant on cars that drivers face basically zero repercussions. whats that saying? if you want to get away with murder, use a car?
572	pranavnagarajan	1	that's how my fallout character walks around most of the time
572	noelpregot	1	that's how my fallout character walks around most of the time
573	noelpregot	1	because of course they didn't.
573	pranavnagarajan	1	because of course they didn't.
574	pranavnagarajan	1	not sure. they didn't have insurance so i almost ended up getting nothing. got the value of my car back and that was it.
574	noelpregot	1	not sure. they didn't have insurance so i almost ended up getting nothing. got the value of my car back and that was it.
575	noelpregot	1	so what was the drunks punishment?
575	pranavnagarajan	2	so what was the drunks punishment?
576	noelpregot	1	that's the scariest part. 6 years ago i got absolutely wrecked head on by a drunk guy driving without a license, this guy hopped a 4 foot tall median in an f350, which spun his truck sideways, his truck then continued it's sideways trajectory, totalled my car (f350 vs honda civic) and sent me to the hospital. you just don't know if or when that moment will happen that will completely change your life. luckily i'm still okay, but i remember the slow motion effect of witnessing my life potentially getting completely destroyed.
576	pranavnagarajan	2	that's the scariest part. 6 years ago i got absolutely wrecked head on by a drunk guy driving without a license, this guy hopped a 4 foot tall median in an f350, which spun his truck sideways, his truck then continued it's sideways trajectory, totalled my car (f350 vs honda civic) and sent me to the hospital. you just don't know if or when that moment will happen that will completely change your life. luckily i'm still okay, but i remember the slow motion effect of witnessing my life potentially getting completely destroyed.
577	noelpregot	3	"there's no ego bruise in letting some asshole go up ahead of you. it's actually better to let them go create pressure somewhere else. good on you. i had a friend that was always trying to ride up on the person in front of them and block out anyone trying to squeeze in. i asked him, ""what are your options right now?"" ""what?"" ""you're nose to butt with the car ahead of you, and there's a psycho boxing you in to the right that may try to cut in at any time. the shoulder on the left is super narrow and full of debris. what if someone flys up from behind? what can you really do?"" ""don't tell me how to drive."" ""don't make me passenge like this."" person in front can brake hard any moment person on the side can run you off any moment anyone can hit you from behind, especially if the line ahead stops dead it's just never in the best interest of safety to be boxed in and close to others. if you can't make it around slow-moving groups of vehicles, then that's your life for a time. wait until a path opens up and then break free. until then, leave space. let the free radicals move about. give yourself an out if anything fly's toward you from any direction. calm your ego and be safe in the flow of the river of metal boxes. besides, the biggest ego validation is letting an idiot go ahead and go nowhere. if they're especially peppy and cause an accident ahead, you just slow down and go around them. if they think they cracked the code on traffic, they just keep seeing you there, same amount of progress, while you're just chillin. to stay on point. yes! the mirrors are where the predictive action is. as long as you're not barreling toward what's up ahead, it's whatever; the real spice comes from the rear periphery."
577	pranavnagarajan	2	"there's no ego bruise in letting some asshole go up ahead of you. it's actually better to let them go create pressure somewhere else. good on you. i had a friend that was always trying to ride up on the person in front of them and block out anyone trying to squeeze in. i asked him, ""what are your options right now?"" ""what?"" ""you're nose to butt with the car ahead of you, and there's a psycho boxing you in to the right that may try to cut in at any time. the shoulder on the left is super narrow and full of debris. what if someone flys up from behind? what can you really do?"" ""don't tell me how to drive."" ""don't make me passenge like this."" person in front can brake hard any moment person on the side can run you off any moment anyone can hit you from behind, especially if the line ahead stops dead it's just never in the best interest of safety to be boxed in and close to others. if you can't make it around slow-moving groups of vehicles, then that's your life for a time. wait until a path opens up and then break free. until then, leave space. let the free radicals move about. give yourself an out if anything fly's toward you from any direction. calm your ego and be safe in the flow of the river of metal boxes. besides, the biggest ego validation is letting an idiot go ahead and go nowhere. if they're especially peppy and cause an accident ahead, you just slow down and go around them. if they think they cracked the code on traffic, they just keep seeing you there, same amount of progress, while you're just chillin. to stay on point. yes! the mirrors are where the predictive action is. as long as you're not barreling toward what's up ahead, it's whatever; the real spice comes from the rear periphery."
578	noelpregot	2	it's not for no reason. it's because someone had to check facebook or something at that moment.
578	pranavnagarajan	2	it's not for no reason. it's because someone had to check facebook or something at that moment.
579	noelpregot	3	yeah, if anyone's not regularly checking your mirrors once a minute or so (or more often) you really should. there are many, many times i've been on the highway and seen someone speeding and weaving between traffic way behind me. allows me to be prepared for whatever dumbass stunt he'll try to pull when he eventually passes me.
579	pranavnagarajan	2	yeah, if anyone's not regularly checking your mirrors once a minute or so (or more often) you really should. there are many, many times i've been on the highway and seen someone speeding and weaving between traffic way behind me. allows me to be prepared for whatever dumbass stunt he'll try to pull when he eventually passes me.
580	noelpregot	1	i follow this guy in ig and he's actually crazy strong. he's using really light bumper plates and does this joke often. he'll even be on a skateboard sometimes (of which he's also awesome at)
580	pranavnagarajan	1	i follow this guy in ig and he's actually crazy strong. he's using really light bumper plates and does this joke often. he'll even be on a skateboard sometimes (of which he's also awesome at)
581	pranavnagarajan	2	translation: that might hurt our bottom line so we will make up whatever bs to try to stop it
581	noelpregot	2	translation: that might hurt our bottom line so we will make up whatever bs to try to stop it
582	pranavnagarajan	2	my dad was with the usda when this happened, the meat companies swore that putting in a window was physically impossible to do, it would destroy the structural integrity of the packaging.
582	noelpregot	1	my dad was with the usda when this happened, the meat companies swore that putting in a window was physically impossible to do, it would destroy the structural integrity of the packaging.
583	pranavnagarajan	1	also, i touch or wiggle each the egg a tad, to see if they are stuck. often indicating cracked on the bottom.
583	noelpregot	1	also, i touch or wiggle each the egg a tad, to see if they are stuck. often indicating cracked on the bottom.
584	pranavnagarajan	1	when buying eggs, open the box to check they aren't broken there another life hack
584	noelpregot	1	when buying eggs, open the box to check they aren't broken there another life hack
585	noelpregot	1	"it's right up there with using the crosswalk and the ""push to cross"" button rather than walking blindly across a busy street!"
585	pranavnagarajan	2	"it's right up there with using the crosswalk and the ""push to cross"" button rather than walking blindly across a busy street!"
586	noelpregot	1	is this really a life hack or just common sense?
586	pranavnagarajan	1	is this really a life hack or just common sense?
587	pranavnagarajan	2	looking through a window designed for the purpose of checking the meat is a lifehack?
587	noelpregot	2	looking through a window designed for the purpose of checking the meat is a lifehack?
588	pranavnagarajan	1	you're gonna have to wait.
588	noelpregot	1	you're gonna have to wait.
589	noelpregot	2	this looks like how a fancy restaurant would serve a $38 portion of banana
589	pranavnagarajan	1	this looks like how a fancy restaurant would serve a $38 portion of banana
590	pranavnagarajan	1	works great for strawberries too!!
590	noelpregot	1	works great for strawberries too!!
591	noelpregot	1	it's the right typeface but the wrong font size.
591	pranavnagarajan	1	it's the right typeface but the wrong font size.
592	pranavnagarajan	1	location is why it's not a perfect comma.
592	noelpregot	1	location is why it's not a perfect comma.
593	pranavnagarajan	1	it's perfect in design. imperfect in placement. 8/10 amazing comma.
593	noelpregot	1	it's perfect in design. imperfect in placement. 8/10 amazing comma.
594	noelpregot	1	casually creating a fibonacci spiral out of butter.
594	pranavnagarajan	1	casually creating a fibonacci spiral out of butter.
595	pranavnagarajan	1	i thought the water drops would switch places.
595	noelpregot	1	i thought the water drops would switch places.
596	noelpregot	1	my balls while running nah who am i kidding, i don't run...
596	pranavnagarajan	1	my balls while running nah who am i kidding, i don't run...
597	pranavnagarajan	1	my asian parents disowned me for peeling plastic
597	noelpregot	2	my asian parents disowned me for peeling plastic
598	noelpregot	1	so much more protection when they need to go overseas. here in germany they just stand on the back of a truck in the rain on a sunday if they stay domestic / in europe.
598	pranavnagarajan	1	so much more protection when they need to go overseas. here in germany they just stand on the back of a truck in the rain on a sunday if they stay domestic / in europe.
599	noelpregot	1	new car day was the best when working as a dealership tech. got to unwrap and test drive every one of em. easiest day of the week.
599	pranavnagarajan	1	new car day was the best when working as a dealership tech. got to unwrap and test drive every one of em. easiest day of the week.
600	noelpregot	1	i could barely afford to watch this video.
600	pranavnagarajan	1	i could barely afford to watch this video.
601	pranavnagarajan	2	"sorry but it's not 'curiousity' or 'wanting to know your thoughts' or broaching the topic when you bring up the subject by immediately requesting to have an open relationship. if you are in a long term monogamous relationship and come up to your partner one day saying ""hey, i kinda want to fuck other people, are you cool with that?"" you should be fully prepared for them to not take that request well. it doesn't matter if it wasn't a dealbreaker for her, because the request itself was a dealbreaker for you. you broke up with her and adequately informed her why, despite some people claiming you should have elaborated more or gave her 'closure.' it doesn't make you insecure or immature if you don't want to stay with her or have a big lengthy emotional break up."
601	noelpregot	3	"sorry but it's not 'curiousity' or 'wanting to know your thoughts' or broaching the topic when you bring up the subject by immediately requesting to have an open relationship. if you are in a long term monogamous relationship and come up to your partner one day saying ""hey, i kinda want to fuck other people, are you cool with that?"" you should be fully prepared for them to not take that request well. it doesn't matter if it wasn't a dealbreaker for her, because the request itself was a dealbreaker for you. you broke up with her and adequately informed her why, despite some people claiming you should have elaborated more or gave her 'closure.' it doesn't make you insecure or immature if you don't want to stay with her or have a big lengthy emotional break up."
602	pranavnagarajan	1	just to piggyback on one tiny point of this comment- i would get unbelievable ingrown hairs in my armpits and no matter if i shaved or waxed or sugared, they were unbearable. painful and red and itchy. randomly one day when cleaning up my undercut, i decided to use my hair clippers on my arm pits and wouldn't you know, no bumps! no burn! no ingrowns! if this is her issue, suggest the clippers.
602	noelpregot	1	just to piggyback on one tiny point of this comment- i would get unbelievable ingrown hairs in my armpits and no matter if i shaved or waxed or sugared, they were unbearable. painful and red and itchy. randomly one day when cleaning up my undercut, i decided to use my hair clippers on my arm pits and wouldn't you know, no bumps! no burn! no ingrowns! if this is her issue, suggest the clippers.
603	pranavnagarajan	2	not meaning to disagree here, that's actually a great tip imo, but trying to add to this. about the awkwardness. girlfriend posted on her ig-account about some jewelry the op had given her, and within hours the ex was on the phone, demanding a meeting. just let that sink in. how often do you check your ex's current girlfriend's ig-accounts? perhaps weekly? sorry, this is creepy. op proposed to his girlfriend on the two-year anniversary of them dating. dating started one year after the ex herself had started dating again. that's three years total. and the ex was calling him up, on his vacation, against agreements about that, completely devastated. this fubar has already become so awkward, a few instagram account settings really aren't going to make a big difference anymore.
603	noelpregot	1	not meaning to disagree here, that's actually a great tip imo, but trying to add to this. about the awkwardness. girlfriend posted on her ig-account about some jewelry the op had given her, and within hours the ex was on the phone, demanding a meeting. just let that sink in. how often do you check your ex's current girlfriend's ig-accounts? perhaps weekly? sorry, this is creepy. op proposed to his girlfriend on the two-year anniversary of them dating. dating started one year after the ex herself had started dating again. that's three years total. and the ex was calling him up, on his vacation, against agreements about that, completely devastated. this fubar has already become so awkward, a few instagram account settings really aren't going to make a big difference anymore.
604	pranavnagarajan	2	exactly! *he's* the one slowing op down!
604	noelpregot	2	exactly! *he's* the one slowing op down!
605	pranavnagarajan	3	> trauma caused his behavior? yeah, and i'm guessing a girl accused at college of something he didn't do? i'm guessing sexual assault/rape, and further, he did do it. fits with the racisms as well, entitled, and resentful as fuck. if he's the golden boy in the extended family, then it fits.
605	noelpregot	1	> trauma caused his behavior? yeah, and i'm guessing a girl accused at college of something he didn't do? i'm guessing sexual assault/rape, and further, he did do it. fits with the racisms as well, entitled, and resentful as fuck. if he's the golden boy in the extended family, then it fits.
606	noelpregot	1	"oh good, someone noticed the details here. the post could literally be summarized as ""i have a hot young fiancee and i'm rolling in cash money and my shrivelled old wife is wailing like a banshee like an actress in a spanish soap opera"""
606	pranavnagarajan	2	"oh good, someone noticed the details here. the post could literally be summarized as ""i have a hot young fiancee and i'm rolling in cash money and my shrivelled old wife is wailing like a banshee like an actress in a spanish soap opera"""
607	pranavnagarajan	2	i don't know what is going on with her, but you are enabling it. just tell her you aren't buying all the things she wants and she should fend for herself. but you have to stick to it. it might eventually mean breaking up. by the way, it's actually cheaper to cook from scratch than to buy frozen entrees, etc., but it requires you to not be too fussy, and requires a fair amount of kitchen management - using up all you buy, keeping track of when things expire, etc. cooking from scratch also doesn't mean cooking every day. it's healthy and safe to make a relatively large batch of a stew, chili, etc., and eat that for several days.
607	noelpregot	1	i don't know what is going on with her, but you are enabling it. just tell her you aren't buying all the things she wants and she should fend for herself. but you have to stick to it. it might eventually mean breaking up. by the way, it's actually cheaper to cook from scratch than to buy frozen entrees, etc., but it requires you to not be too fussy, and requires a fair amount of kitchen management - using up all you buy, keeping track of when things expire, etc. cooking from scratch also doesn't mean cooking every day. it's healthy and safe to make a relatively large batch of a stew, chili, etc., and eat that for several days.
608	pranavnagarajan	2	she won't believe you probably he will convince her you are crazy sadly
608	noelpregot	2	she won't believe you probably he will convince her you are crazy sadly
609	noelpregot	2	partly because you're accepting and enabling the behaviour. you need to set clear boundaries and a strong stance on this or she is going to keep walking over you.
609	pranavnagarajan	2	partly because you're accepting and enabling the behaviour. you need to set clear boundaries and a strong stance on this or she is going to keep walking over you.
610	noelpregot	1	only a few messages where we talk about the trip planned for him to visit on facebook. . one blurry photo. that's it. it was 4 years ago, so old messages were lost from old phone.
610	pranavnagarajan	2	only a few messages where we talk about the trip planned for him to visit on facebook. . one blurry photo. that's it. it was 4 years ago, so old messages were lost from old phone.
611	pranavnagarajan	1	the best part is there's absolutely no traces left behind! sry for crappy quality lol i don't have reddit on my pc yet
611	noelpregot	2	the best part is there's absolutely no traces left behind! sry for crappy quality lol i don't have reddit on my pc yet
612	noelpregot	3	boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew
612	pranavnagarajan	2	boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew
613	pranavnagarajan	1	he's using aternos and the max render distance, at least on my server is 15 chunks, and yeah aternos is a weak server, but free so i can't complain
613	noelpregot	1	he's using aternos and the max render distance, at least on my server is 15 chunks, and yeah aternos is a weak server, but free so i can't complain
614	noelpregot	1	you can change this in the servers config file but be careful this impacts the performance, especially if you are using a weaker server with more players
614	pranavnagarajan	1	you can change this in the servers config file but be careful this impacts the performance, especially if you are using a weaker server with more players
615	pranavnagarajan	1	did it, thanks
615	noelpregot	1	did it, thanks
616	noelpregot	1	are you playing on a server? the server caps the render distance. even if you set your's higher, it wont have an effect. did you change the render- or simulation distance?
616	pranavnagarajan	1	are you playing on a server? the server caps the render distance. even if you set your's higher, it wont have an effect. did you change the render- or simulation distance?
617	noelpregot	3	burn them
617	pranavnagarajan	2	burn them
618	noelpregot	1	air pollution
618	pranavnagarajan	1	air pollution
619	noelpregot	3	enslave them to make moneeeerh
619	pranavnagarajan	2	enslave them to make moneeeerh
620	pranavnagarajan	1	aternos max render distance is 10 and you can't change it
620	noelpregot	1	aternos max render distance is 10 and you can't change it
621	pranavnagarajan	1	"IIRC they turn transparent if threatened or hunting. Being picked up is a threat, being put back is ""screw it, all energy to swimming away"" mode."
621	noelpregot	1	"IIRC they turn transparent if threatened or hunting. Being picked up is a threat, being put back is ""screw it, all energy to swimming away"" mode."
622	pranavnagarajan	2	the world is an asstray.
622	noelpregot	2	the world is an asstray.
623	noelpregot	2	it's like a toddler discarding the ass nubbin of the banana. it's me. i'm the toddler
623	pranavnagarajan	1	it's like a toddler discarding the ass nubbin of the banana. it's me. i'm the toddler
624	noelpregot	1	bunch of leftover butts everywhere.
624	pranavnagarajan	1	bunch of leftover butts everywhere.
625	noelpregot	1	the best part is the mantis eating the leg like a piece of spaghetti.
625	pranavnagarajan	1	the best part is the mantis eating the leg like a piece of spaghetti.
626	noelpregot	1	i detect haikus and sometimes successfully learn more about me - haikusbot
626	pranavnagarajan	1	i detect haikus and sometimes successfully learn more about me - haikusbot
627	noelpregot	1	that mantis is one brutal insect!
627	pranavnagarajan	1	that mantis is one brutal insect!
628	noelpregot	2	"at the end he was like ""nah this part's shit,bring me another one now"""
628	pranavnagarajan	1	"at the end he was like ""nah this part's shit,bring me another one now"""
629	pranavnagarajan	1	do they eat cockroaches too? let's bring these bad bitches to the east coast
629	noelpregot	2	do they eat cockroaches too? let's bring these bad bitches to the east coast
630	pranavnagarajan	1	just ate it like a burrito.
630	noelpregot	1	just ate it like a burrito.
631	pranavnagarajan	1	currently in buenos aires for a month, my brother and i walked around the ecopark, rose garden, and the area around the planetorium enjoying the light breeze and sunny vibes. as i was heading back to the apartment, took a quick snapshot and was pretty pleased with the results. i hope ya'll enjoy! the picture really does capture everything: families chilling, couples enjoying each other's company, lost tourists.
631	noelpregot	1	currently in buenos aires for a month, my brother and i walked around the ecopark, rose garden, and the area around the planetorium enjoying the light breeze and sunny vibes. as i was heading back to the apartment, took a quick snapshot and was pretty pleased with the results. i hope ya'll enjoy! the picture really does capture everything: families chilling, couples enjoying each other's company, lost tourists.
632	pranavnagarajan	1	anthony bourdain departed this planet there. you can visit the restaurant where he had his last formal meal. the owner pointed out to me where he sat.
632	noelpregot	1	anthony bourdain departed this planet there. you can visit the restaurant where he had his last formal meal. the owner pointed out to me where he sat.
633	pranavnagarajan	1	it's like looking at a disney movie set. amazing.
633	noelpregot	1	it's like looking at a disney movie set. amazing.
634	pranavnagarajan	2	i'd prefer to never have to go to ohio again
634	noelpregot	1	i'd prefer to never have to go to ohio again
635	pranavnagarajan	2	"my sil is the person in our lives with the ""must be nice"" or ""i don't know how you can afford it"" comments. she hasn't taken a holiday since her honeymoon over 10 years ago. it used to bother me but now my response is ""yea it is nice"" lol"
635	noelpregot	1	"my sil is the person in our lives with the ""must be nice"" or ""i don't know how you can afford it"" comments. she hasn't taken a holiday since her honeymoon over 10 years ago. it used to bother me but now my response is ""yea it is nice"" lol"
636	pranavnagarajan	1	looking back from 70, you'll never regret the experiences you are having.
636	noelpregot	1	looking back from 70, you'll never regret the experiences you are having.
637	pranavnagarajan	1	"when we went in 2001 someone told us travel to ghana is ""africa for beginners"". we loved cape coast, accra and tamale."
637	noelpregot	1	"when we went in 2001 someone told us travel to ghana is ""africa for beginners"". we loved cape coast, accra and tamale."
638	pranavnagarajan	1	pictures are mostly from tamale area in the north and volta in the east. the people are wonderful, accra is also a very interesting cosmopolitan city. next time i will be sure to check out cape coast which i sadly didn't get to this trip.
638	noelpregot	1	pictures are mostly from tamale area in the north and volta in the east. the people are wonderful, accra is also a very interesting cosmopolitan city. next time i will be sure to check out cape coast which i sadly didn't get to this trip.
639	pranavnagarajan	1	honestly, i feel like i'm forever in the minority on this one but i liked venice. it's a truly unique city with its own culture and history. the architecture is among the most interesting in italy. and yes, parts of it are dirty and smell. so does every other touristy city in europe. you're going to miss out on something. you'll see a lot in 8 days but italy has sooo much to offer. so just prioritize what you want to get out of the trip. if you want to not feel exhausted, i recommend spending more time in tuscany and doing day trips from there. if you want to see as much as possible, take a day off of your rome trip (which you really only need 3 days for) and spend a day in venice. no need to feel fomo. you're going to have an amazing trip no matter what you do
639	noelpregot	1	honestly, i feel like i'm forever in the minority on this one but i liked venice. it's a truly unique city with its own culture and history. the architecture is among the most interesting in italy. and yes, parts of it are dirty and smell. so does every other touristy city in europe. you're going to miss out on something. you'll see a lot in 8 days but italy has sooo much to offer. so just prioritize what you want to get out of the trip. if you want to not feel exhausted, i recommend spending more time in tuscany and doing day trips from there. if you want to see as much as possible, take a day off of your rome trip (which you really only need 3 days for) and spend a day in venice. no need to feel fomo. you're going to have an amazing trip no matter what you do
640	noelpregot	2	"they probably also say they are 5'8""-6'0"" tall."
640	pranavnagarajan	2	"they probably also say they are 5'8""-6'0"" tall."
641	noelpregot	3	then she's a moron.
641	pranavnagarajan	2	then she's a moron.
642	pranavnagarajan	2	what if she considers the president as her god?
642	noelpregot	1	what if she considers the president as her god?
643	noelpregot	2	her thinking is so regressive that it went a full circle and now seems progressive
643	pranavnagarajan	2	her thinking is so regressive that it went a full circle and now seems progressive
644	noelpregot	2	that's really insulting to the monkey
644	pranavnagarajan	2	that's really insulting to the monkey
645	pranavnagarajan	2	and we get to hear the rich people complain that they have lost millions, but they still made more than we see in a decade.
645	noelpregot	2	and we get to hear the rich people complain that they have lost millions, but they still made more than we see in a decade.
646	pranavnagarajan	2	"yeah, once you leave hs, they are just another adult. i had a similar situation but said, ""just give me a b then, bc i'm not doing more work than other students."" i got an easy a."
646	noelpregot	1	"yeah, once you leave hs, they are just another adult. i had a similar situation but said, ""just give me a b then, bc i'm not doing more work than other students."" i got an easy a."
647	pranavnagarajan	2	"i guess the guy who did this don't understand one bit about psychology and just did it because ""hey, i'm the representative of this area and i must show my people that at least i try to do something about suicide problems"""
647	noelpregot	1	"i guess the guy who did this don't understand one bit about psychology and just did it because ""hey, i'm the representative of this area and i must show my people that at least i try to do something about suicide problems"""
648	noelpregot	1	have they found the missing link between monkey and this bitch? oh wait. there is no missing link
648	pranavnagarajan	3	have they found the missing link between monkey and this bitch? oh wait. there is no missing link
649	noelpregot	1	imagine the mind of a suicidal person, they literally think they are a burden to the world and that both them and the world would be better off without them existing. how the hell does showing them pictures of those with a far better life and possibly far more of a positive contribution to the world make them feel better?
649	pranavnagarajan	2	imagine the mind of a suicidal person, they literally think they are a burden to the world and that both them and the world would be better off without them existing. how the hell does showing them pictures of those with a far better life and possibly far more of a positive contribution to the world make them feel better?
650	noelpregot	1	shoegaze dad is spot on with this comment. not a facepalm, unless one of despair at the fate of the working classes.
650	pranavnagarajan	1	shoegaze dad is spot on with this comment. not a facepalm, unless one of despair at the fate of the working classes.
651	noelpregot	1	it's the casual walk after for me
651	pranavnagarajan	1	it's the casual walk after for me
652	pranavnagarajan	1	thought this was going to be worse. my uncle had a nasty scar on his back from playing around with a double bit when he was a kid(think he was 10 or 11 at the time). went to whip it back to throw it, and put it right above his kidney. missed hitting anything vital or any bone. this sort of thing was a trend with my uncle. he is the same one that had an attempted diy firework(bunch of black powder in a toilet paper tube) blow up in his hand. walked away with only some superficial burns. he had a sort of uncanny luck.
652	noelpregot	1	thought this was going to be worse. my uncle had a nasty scar on his back from playing around with a double bit when he was a kid(think he was 10 or 11 at the time). went to whip it back to throw it, and put it right above his kidney. missed hitting anything vital or any bone. this sort of thing was a trend with my uncle. he is the same one that had an attempted diy firework(bunch of black powder in a toilet paper tube) blow up in his hand. walked away with only some superficial burns. he had a sort of uncanny luck.
653	pranavnagarajan	2	dangerous animals should be put down. then they can get the dog a new owner.
653	noelpregot	2	dangerous animals should be put down. then they can get the dog a new owner.
654	pranavnagarajan	2	why shouldn't you have water in your kitchen?
654	noelpregot	1	why shouldn't you have water in your kitchen?
655	noelpregot	3	seemed like the owner was in on it so fuck him too.
655	pranavnagarajan	3	seemed like the owner was in on it so fuck him too.
656	noelpregot	1	an all out fire is pretty bad too.
656	pranavnagarajan	1	an all out fire is pretty bad too.
657	pranavnagarajan	1	good cameraman.. good boy
657	noelpregot	1	good cameraman.. good boy
658	noelpregot	3	fuckthemup
658	pranavnagarajan	1	fuckthemup
659	pranavnagarajan	3	you taunt an animal this is what happens. mf'er got what he deserved along with the owner.
659	noelpregot	3	you taunt an animal this is what happens. mf'er got what he deserved along with the owner.
660	noelpregot	1	wouldn't it be a 3rd hole?
660	pranavnagarajan	1	wouldn't it be a 3rd hole?
661	noelpregot	2	why. if children know what to do when they see a gun, then the odds they do something stupid are significantly reduced. in a perfect world people are responsible and keep guns locked in safes where children can't get them but does this world look perfect.
661	pranavnagarajan	1	why. if children know what to do when they see a gun, then the odds they do something stupid are significantly reduced. in a perfect world people are responsible and keep guns locked in safes where children can't get them but does this world look perfect.
662	noelpregot	3	there was a thread on (i think) unpopular opinion that stated children should be taught proper gun safety. 90% of people lost their fucking minds over it
662	pranavnagarajan	2	there was a thread on (i think) unpopular opinion that stated children should be taught proper gun safety. 90% of people lost their fucking minds over it
663	noelpregot	2	no one is going to comment on him putting a jacket on like it is a dress?
663	pranavnagarajan	1	no one is going to comment on him putting a jacket on like it is a dress?
664	noelpregot	1	given the sheer amount of guns here and the easy access i would 100% much rather my child know gun safety and how to handle them. there's way too many accidental shootings of all ages.
664	pranavnagarajan	1	given the sheer amount of guns here and the easy access i would 100% much rather my child know gun safety and how to handle them. there's way too many accidental shootings of all ages.
665	noelpregot	3	absolutely. me as a german looking at this, i can't fathom how someone can feel something remotely positively about a 13 year old shooting proper guns. wtf us and a?
665	pranavnagarajan	2	absolutely. me as a german looking at this, i can't fathom how someone can feel something remotely positively about a 13 year old shooting proper guns. wtf us and a?
666	noelpregot	2	god it's so weird watching these as a non american. what's next level about this? someone educate me please.
666	pranavnagarajan	2	god it's so weird watching these as a non american. what's next level about this? someone educate me please.
667	pranavnagarajan	2	do american realise this shit is only normal to them?
667	noelpregot	2	do american realise this shit is only normal to them?
668	noelpregot	2	**farmer: aw, we got a clog in the chute.** 'dog: boss you just hold my beer.'
668	pranavnagarajan	1	**farmer: aw, we got a clog in the chute.** 'dog: boss you just hold my beer.'
669	noelpregot	1	pretty much all biathlons use real rifles for compitions not bb guns. the olympic standard is .22lr.
669	pranavnagarajan	1	pretty much all biathlons use real rifles for compitions not bb guns. the olympic standard is .22lr.
670	noelpregot	1	service animals are so interesting. another redditor posted a video of a sheep herder talking about the different dog jobs and different behaviors of each animal. so wierd that different dogs are born knowing different jobs in the same farm
670	pranavnagarajan	1	service animals are so interesting. another redditor posted a video of a sheep herder talking about the different dog jobs and different behaviors of each animal. so wierd that different dogs are born knowing different jobs in the same farm
671	noelpregot	1	might go the other way and you develop the power to trace rays next time you make a pizza.
671	pranavnagarajan	1	might go the other way and you develop the power to trace rays next time you make a pizza.
672	noelpregot	1	finally someone who isn't scared of 1080p
672	pranavnagarajan	2	finally someone who isn't scared of 1080p
673	noelpregot	1	exactly what i was thinking, but been using the card for a week now and it runs perfect. the guy was pretty old and was selling off stuff from a laser printing company.
673	pranavnagarajan	1	exactly what i was thinking, but been using the card for a week now and it runs perfect. the guy was pretty old and was selling off stuff from a laser printing company.
674	noelpregot	1	lmao he literally dug them a grave
674	pranavnagarajan	1	lmao he literally dug them a grave
675	noelpregot	1	>the guy had no clue what he was selling he probably posts here on r/pcmasterrace...
675	pranavnagarajan	1	>the guy had no clue what he was selling he probably posts here on r/pcmasterrace...
676	noelpregot	1	walmart also sent the wrong computer. giving gamers nexus the lowest tier when they ordered the highest tier.
676	pranavnagarajan	1	walmart also sent the wrong computer. giving gamers nexus the lowest tier when they ordered the highest tier.
677	noelpregot	1	as an amatuer graphic designer, i get annoyed of low quailty memes, so when i create one, i make an effort to find a hd template, and make it as good as i can.
677	pranavnagarajan	1	as an amatuer graphic designer, i get annoyed of low quailty memes, so when i create one, i make an effort to find a hd template, and make it as good as i can.
678	noelpregot	1	i bought corsair aio and it died 2 days after the end of the warranty period. since then, only air cooling for me. simpler, cheaper and safer.
678	pranavnagarajan	1	i bought corsair aio and it died 2 days after the end of the warranty period. since then, only air cooling for me. simpler, cheaper and safer.
679	noelpregot	1	i blame (/s) jay for convincing me to try out custom loop water cooling. which is pretty scary. and became less scary because i am now imagining my pc as an expensive aquarium. no pressure. except when the pump has no pressure, that is bad.
679	pranavnagarajan	1	i blame (/s) jay for convincing me to try out custom loop water cooling. which is pretty scary. and became less scary because i am now imagining my pc as an expensive aquarium. no pressure. except when the pump has no pressure, that is bad.
680	noelpregot	1	yep. and jay is just a breakfast companion ;)
680	pranavnagarajan	1	yep. and jay is just a breakfast companion ;)
681	pranavnagarajan	1	what a chad.
681	noelpregot	1	what a chad.
682	pranavnagarajan	1	"70% of comments in posts about top looks like : ""man, i swear toplane is fine, i play this position once per 100 games when i autofilled there""."
682	noelpregot	1	"70% of comments in posts about top looks like : ""man, i swear toplane is fine, i play this position once per 100 games when i autofilled there""."
683	pranavnagarajan	2	in the midlane edit: nvm, its urf. makes it even worse tbh.
683	noelpregot	1	in the midlane edit: nvm, its urf. makes it even worse tbh.
684	pranavnagarajan	1	arcane comet 22 min formless kayn
684	noelpregot	1	arcane comet 22 min formless kayn
685	pranavnagarajan	1	22 min formless kayn
685	noelpregot	1	22 min formless kayn
686	pranavnagarajan	1	*please* go to church this sunday
686	noelpregot	2	*please* go to church this sunday
687	pranavnagarajan	1	"lillia says ""oh deer is udyr"""
687	noelpregot	1	"lillia says ""oh deer is udyr"""
688	pranavnagarajan	1	if anything, urf's constant fighting means he should get form way sooner
688	noelpregot	1	if anything, urf's constant fighting means he should get form way sooner
689	noelpregot	1	it's season 12 of league of legends, you can't just be on the same screen with something that looks like a champion and not all-in them.
689	pranavnagarajan	1	it's season 12 of league of legends, you can't just be on the same screen with something that looks like a champion and not all-in them.
690	noelpregot	2	the hard way: he: hey sexy, wanna hang out with a real master player? her: get lost nerd!
690	pranavnagarajan	1	the hard way: he: hey sexy, wanna hang out with a real master player? her: get lost nerd!
691	noelpregot	2	"that's because that's exactly what it is. ""can't call me misogynist if i'm just supporting a woman who said it."""
691	pranavnagarajan	2	"that's because that's exactly what it is. ""can't call me misogynist if i'm just supporting a woman who said it."""
692	noelpregot	2	i'm low maintenance af and it's still more expensive to be a woman. bras cost a lot. menstruation products aren't cheap either. shampoo and conditioner and any home hair product is more than that can of murray's that lasts men 5 years. we even use more toilet paper. compare the price of men's toiletries to women's. just making a razor pink means they mark it up 10%. that generally applies across the board. obviously some shit is more luxury than necessity like the lashes she mentioned but don't say it's not pricey to be a woman. that's just untrue.
692	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm low maintenance af and it's still more expensive to be a woman. bras cost a lot. menstruation products aren't cheap either. shampoo and conditioner and any home hair product is more than that can of murray's that lasts men 5 years. we even use more toilet paper. compare the price of men's toiletries to women's. just making a razor pink means they mark it up 10%. that generally applies across the board. obviously some shit is more luxury than necessity like the lashes she mentioned but don't say it's not pricey to be a woman. that's just untrue.
693	noelpregot	1	agreed because it's been proven women's soaps, deodorants, etc are more expensive than mens.
693	pranavnagarajan	1	agreed because it's been proven women's soaps, deodorants, etc are more expensive than mens.
694	noelpregot	1	and feminine supplies like tampons, sanitary napkins, birth control
694	pranavnagarajan	1	and feminine supplies like tampons, sanitary napkins, birth control
695	noelpregot	1	only exception to this is bras. they really are expensive and not worth skimping on
695	pranavnagarajan	1	only exception to this is bras. they really are expensive and not worth skimping on
696	noelpregot	1	yeah can we just call this a shitpost (or shitweet) and pretend we never bothered reading it?
696	pranavnagarajan	2	yeah can we just call this a shitpost (or shitweet) and pretend we never bothered reading it?
697	pranavnagarajan	2	you don't deserve to be hydrated unfortunately
697	noelpregot	3	you don't deserve to be hydrated unfortunately
698	pranavnagarajan	2	"i still can't believe my generation has fallen into this corny ""back in my day"" shit already. watching people my age act like how boomers and gen x acted to me is bizarre"
698	noelpregot	2	"i still can't believe my generation has fallen into this corny ""back in my day"" shit already. watching people my age act like how boomers and gen x acted to me is bizarre"
699	pranavnagarajan	1	i think they hung out pretty regularly for 6 years before the movie deal, and jamal supported the family through the loss of wanda's husband lonnie. that seems like enough to justify the love people hold for them.
699	noelpregot	1	i think they hung out pretty regularly for 6 years before the movie deal, and jamal supported the family through the loss of wanda's husband lonnie. that seems like enough to justify the love people hold for them.
700	pranavnagarajan	1	for real. this man is just resting his forearm and wrist on her shoulder and letting his hand dangle naturally. a real hover hand is the arm coming up from behind and the hand hovering over the shoulder. no leaning, just straight awkwardness from not wanting to touch the other person.
700	noelpregot	1	for real. this man is just resting his forearm and wrist on her shoulder and letting his hand dangle naturally. a real hover hand is the arm coming up from behind and the hand hovering over the shoulder. no leaning, just straight awkwardness from not wanting to touch the other person.
701	pranavnagarajan	2	so, you're trying to say that earning less is feminine? interesting
701	noelpregot	2	so, you're trying to say that earning less is feminine? interesting
702	noelpregot	1	good for you, at least part of your day goes really well
702	pranavnagarajan	1	good for you, at least part of your day goes really well
703	noelpregot	2	toxic masculinity says than the guy needs to earn more because he's the master of the house. old timers bs
703	pranavnagarajan	2	toxic masculinity says than the guy needs to earn more because he's the master of the house. old timers bs
704	noelpregot	1	same here, it's not all bad about prostitution...
704	pranavnagarajan	1	same here, it's not all bad about prostitution...
705	pranavnagarajan	1	i don't see the negative. is this supposed to be negative? is money a bad thing?
705	noelpregot	1	i don't see the negative. is this supposed to be negative? is money a bad thing?
706	pranavnagarajan	1	it's hard enough staying alive
706	noelpregot	2	it's hard enough staying alive
707	pranavnagarajan	1	my wife makes three times my day rate
707	noelpregot	1	my wife makes three times my day rate
708	noelpregot	1	no promises there either
708	pranavnagarajan	1	no promises there either
709	pranavnagarajan	1	They sure can remember McDonald's, because that's where they all live if they're not on the ocean.
709	noelpregot	3	They sure can remember McDonald's, because that's where they all live if they're not on the ocean.
710	pranavnagarajan	1	"my friends and i pick a random day at the begining of each month and dub it""gilmer day"" last time we made a day gilmer day my friend got dumped, our power went out for a few hours and we got hit by a snow storm."
710	noelpregot	1	"my friends and i pick a random day at the begining of each month and dub it""gilmer day"" last time we made a day gilmer day my friend got dumped, our power went out for a few hours and we got hit by a snow storm."
711	noelpregot	1	ugh, people like this? grew up with parents who used too much pinesol... yuck. doesn't even smell like real pine.. which is lovely
711	pranavnagarajan	2	ugh, people like this? grew up with parents who used too much pinesol... yuck. doesn't even smell like real pine.. which is lovely
712	pranavnagarajan	1	lol, he seems like a cool guy
712	noelpregot	1	lol, he seems like a cool guy
713	noelpregot	1	hahahhah this is the cutest thing ever
713	pranavnagarajan	1	hahahhah this is the cutest thing ever
714	noelpregot	1	i love the moms howling.
714	pranavnagarajan	1	i love the moms howling.
715	pranavnagarajan	1	tommy is a chad, if he doesn't waste his talent he can easily be a politician in the future
715	noelpregot	1	tommy is a chad, if he doesn't waste his talent he can easily be a politician in the future
716	noelpregot	2	tommy got [looks around to make sure no one is near], big dick engery!!
716	pranavnagarajan	1	tommy got [looks around to make sure no one is near], big dick engery!!
717	noelpregot	2	because then he can't hold it over her head when he wants something
717	pranavnagarajan	1	because then he can't hold it over her head when he wants something
718	pranavnagarajan	1	r/becauseitwasstaged
718	noelpregot	2	r/becauseitwasstaged
719	pranavnagarajan	1	nothing is better than the bee movie.
719	noelpregot	1	nothing is better than the bee movie.
720	pranavnagarajan	2	"""you better fucking call me""- beluguy the beluga"
720	noelpregot	3	"""you better fucking call me""- beluguy the beluga"
721	noelpregot	3	where are my fellow apollo users at? fucking default plebs crying lol
721	pranavnagarajan	2	where are my fellow apollo users at? fucking default plebs crying lol
722	noelpregot	1	i didnt even update mine, i just re opened reddit after a bit and my profile was on the right side instead of the left
722	pranavnagarajan	1	i didnt even update mine, i just re opened reddit after a bit and my profile was on the right side instead of the left
723	pranavnagarajan	2	our wife
723	noelpregot	1	our wife
724	noelpregot	1	you don't have legs?
724	pranavnagarajan	1	you don't have legs?
725	pranavnagarajan	1	so long, partner
725	noelpregot	1	so long, partner
726	noelpregot	1	they are in spectator mode i guess
726	pranavnagarajan	1	they are in spectator mode i guess
727	noelpregot	1	where is gender gas?
727	pranavnagarajan	1	where is gender gas?
728	noelpregot	1	my man your reply is the equivalent of the 5th
728	pranavnagarajan	2	my man your reply is the equivalent of the 5th
729	noelpregot	1	can i also take your wife?
729	pranavnagarajan	2	can i also take your wife?
730	pranavnagarajan	2	look how north korea turned out
730	noelpregot	2	look how north korea turned out
731	pranavnagarajan	1	for several reasons: previous hammers were purely political and can only come down if you have a solid congressional majority. because trump replaced enough of the top of the republican party with loyalists he will always be able to evade those hammers. this one is a completely different because it's a legal hammer. he was immune to legal hammers as president, but he's not president any longer. legal hammers routinely take 3-7 years to come down because if you try to go too fast then safeguards kick in and prevent it from coming down at all. trump has also spent his entire adult life stalling legal hammers for as long as possible. there were many times when drawing out the process for as long as possible and then hitting any loophole or deficiency in the system hard at the right moment he was able to get out of trouble. that's how he handled civil rights claims and property disputes and bankruptcy cases. he didn't come out unscathed but he came out better than he should have. he tried to do the same thing with the election. file all of the lawsuits, make the loudest noises, stall as much as he possibly could, and hit any ambiguous wording in the rules as hard as he could. it just didn't work. it also doesn't work in criminal cases. the rules and standards that he has spent decades mastering ways to frustrate and defeat aren't the same. so, trying the same things that worked before is probably going to go badly. there's also a very real chance that the northern district of georgia is going to file election interference charges in july. the process is slow because those are not easy charges to bring and it's georgia. but, that call to the georgia secretary of state has a very real chance at making him ineligible for office ever again.
731	noelpregot	1	for several reasons: previous hammers were purely political and can only come down if you have a solid congressional majority. because trump replaced enough of the top of the republican party with loyalists he will always be able to evade those hammers. this one is a completely different because it's a legal hammer. he was immune to legal hammers as president, but he's not president any longer. legal hammers routinely take 3-7 years to come down because if you try to go too fast then safeguards kick in and prevent it from coming down at all. trump has also spent his entire adult life stalling legal hammers for as long as possible. there were many times when drawing out the process for as long as possible and then hitting any loophole or deficiency in the system hard at the right moment he was able to get out of trouble. that's how he handled civil rights claims and property disputes and bankruptcy cases. he didn't come out unscathed but he came out better than he should have. he tried to do the same thing with the election. file all of the lawsuits, make the loudest noises, stall as much as he possibly could, and hit any ambiguous wording in the rules as hard as he could. it just didn't work. it also doesn't work in criminal cases. the rules and standards that he has spent decades mastering ways to frustrate and defeat aren't the same. so, trying the same things that worked before is probably going to go badly. there's also a very real chance that the northern district of georgia is going to file election interference charges in july. the process is slow because those are not easy charges to bring and it's georgia. but, that call to the georgia secretary of state has a very real chance at making him ineligible for office ever again.
732	pranavnagarajan	2	trump going to jail or facing consequences is always 30 years away just like nuclear fusion.
732	noelpregot	2	trump going to jail or facing consequences is always 30 years away just like nuclear fusion.
733	noelpregot	1	the hammer is coming down. the hammer has been coming down for quite a while now. an uncomfortably long time, in fact. did they drop it from orbit? is that why it's taking so long?
733	pranavnagarajan	2	the hammer is coming down. the hammer has been coming down for quite a while now. an uncomfortably long time, in fact. did they drop it from orbit? is that why it's taking so long?
734	noelpregot	3	he'll pull some legal fuckery to delay and appeal until it ends up in front of his 6-3 scotus
734	pranavnagarajan	2	he'll pull some legal fuckery to delay and appeal until it ends up in front of his 6-3 scotus
735	noelpregot	1	everyone on reddit acted like trump was mere hours from being arrested and dragged out of the white house every day of the mueller investigation, so yeah, maybe random reddit posts are not the best source of info on this topic.
735	pranavnagarajan	2	everyone on reddit acted like trump was mere hours from being arrested and dragged out of the white house every day of the mueller investigation, so yeah, maybe random reddit posts are not the best source of info on this topic.
736	pranavnagarajan	1	"i fully expected to click the comment and see that it said, ""none. he's never been held accountable, and this will not affect him."""
736	noelpregot	2	"i fully expected to click the comment and see that it said, ""none. he's never been held accountable, and this will not affect him."""
737	noelpregot	1	this reminds me of when mueller was investigating and reddit was just desperate for that to be the day trump would finally pay for being trump, and then not much. this isn't a movie, reddit, trump isn't going to finally fall screaming and burning to the bottom of the canyon after some hero throws him off the cliff once and for all. he's going to grow old and die, somehow still rich. wake me up when there's a consequence, too.
737	pranavnagarajan	2	this reminds me of when mueller was investigating and reddit was just desperate for that to be the day trump would finally pay for being trump, and then not much. this isn't a movie, reddit, trump isn't going to finally fall screaming and burning to the bottom of the canyon after some hero throws him off the cliff once and for all. he's going to grow old and die, somehow still rich. wake me up when there's a consequence, too.
738	pranavnagarajan	1	there's been a well-written, highly upvoted comment in r/politics saying trump is right at the cusp of total humiliation and disgrace every day for.. 6 years now. it isn't that i don't believe them or that they're wrong, it's just that i've heard this all before.
738	noelpregot	1	there's been a well-written, highly upvoted comment in r/politics saying trump is right at the cusp of total humiliation and disgrace every day for.. 6 years now. it isn't that i don't believe them or that they're wrong, it's just that i've heard this all before.
739	pranavnagarajan	1	go for it charlie brown. lucy definitely won't move the football this time! oh brother. i'll believe he'll face consequences when i see it.
739	noelpregot	2	go for it charlie brown. lucy definitely won't move the football this time! oh brother. i'll believe he'll face consequences when i see it.
740	pranavnagarajan	1	same. it's a beautiful dream but i don't have a lot of faith
740	noelpregot	1	same. it's a beautiful dream but i don't have a lot of faith
741	pranavnagarajan	1	i would say i saw what you did there but... you know
741	noelpregot	1	i would say i saw what you did there but... you know
742	noelpregot	3	state prosecutor: and that's when she murdered him, your honor.
742	pranavnagarajan	1	state prosecutor: and that's when she murdered him, your honor.
743	pranavnagarajan	1	i couldn't see this one coming
743	noelpregot	1	i couldn't see this one coming
744	pranavnagarajan	1	r/angryupvote
744	noelpregot	2	r/angryupvote
745	pranavnagarajan	1	therapist: your wife says you never buy her flowers, is that true? him: to be honest, i never knew she sold flowers.
745	noelpregot	1	therapist: your wife says you never buy her flowers, is that true? him: to be honest, i never knew she sold flowers.
746	pranavnagarajan	1	hi exhausted, i'm dad.
746	noelpregot	1	hi exhausted, i'm dad.
747	noelpregot	1	yep - gotta do it before someone nips it in the bud.
747	pranavnagarajan	1	yep - gotta do it before someone nips it in the bud.
748	noelpregot	1	gotta milk it for all its worth!
748	pranavnagarajan	1	gotta milk it for all its worth!
749	noelpregot	1	a tittilating joke.
749	pranavnagarajan	1	a tittilating joke.
750	noelpregot	1	everybody fell into the booby trap of bad puns
750	pranavnagarajan	1	everybody fell into the booby trap of bad puns
751	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah i saw the video he put out. waiting to see how his visit to hq turns out. i saw he posted that he was heading down over to la to try and speak to higher ups.
751	noelpregot	1	yeah i saw the video he put out. waiting to see how his visit to hq turns out. i saw he posted that he was heading down over to la to try and speak to higher ups.
752	noelpregot	1	i'm still happy with my asus 2070 super 2 years later..it can handle anything i've thrown at it.
752	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm still happy with my asus 2070 super 2 years later..it can handle anything i've thrown at it.
753	noelpregot	2	"i always feel like posts such as there are in the humble brag catergory. perfectly in line with all those 5900x cpu, water cooled, 64gb ram ""budget"" builds. and can my 3090ti run mincraft at 4k? you know what you got man. stop playing."
753	pranavnagarajan	2	"i always feel like posts such as there are in the humble brag catergory. perfectly in line with all those 5900x cpu, water cooled, 64gb ram ""budget"" builds. and can my 3090ti run mincraft at 4k? you know what you got man. stop playing."
754	noelpregot	1	i can take it off your hands in exchange for my trusty 2070 super
754	pranavnagarajan	1	i can take it off your hands in exchange for my trusty 2070 super
755	noelpregot	1	"assuming you're asking about the ""gaming oc"" part and not the 3070 as others have addressed what to expect out of a 3070. the gaming oc is a solid sku, above the reference style sku (evga black) but a bit below cards like the ftw3, strix or gaming x which have beefier power delivery and even bigger cooling solutions. the gaming oc still has a decent factory oc and solid triple fan cooling solution. if you're looking for a ""good"" sku that isn't as over the top as a strix or ftw3 it's a good choice."
755	pranavnagarajan	1	"assuming you're asking about the ""gaming oc"" part and not the 3070 as others have addressed what to expect out of a 3070. the gaming oc is a solid sku, above the reference style sku (evga black) but a bit below cards like the ftw3, strix or gaming x which have beefier power delivery and even bigger cooling solutions. the gaming oc still has a decent factory oc and solid triple fan cooling solution. if you're looking for a ""good"" sku that isn't as over the top as a strix or ftw3 it's a good choice."
756	pranavnagarajan	1	my gigabyte oc 3070ti is a monster in 1440 144. i have yet to find a game it can't handle ultra or very high for the settings. damn fine card. now it is a bit warm, and i had to get a slightly larger case for better air flow, but now it won't go above 63-67c while gaming under full load. before it was hitting 70-76c (was really close to thr psu shroud in my small mid size that i had). not good airflow and only a single intake and exhaust. now i have 3 intake and one exhaust and it's nice.
756	noelpregot	1	my gigabyte oc 3070ti is a monster in 1440 144. i have yet to find a game it can't handle ultra or very high for the settings. damn fine card. now it is a bit warm, and i had to get a slightly larger case for better air flow, but now it won't go above 63-67c while gaming under full load. before it was hitting 70-76c (was really close to thr psu shroud in my small mid size that i had). not good airflow and only a single intake and exhaust. now i have 3 intake and one exhaust and it's nice.
757	noelpregot	1	all 3070s are more or less the same, the only noticeable difference between brands are temperatures, noise and customer service. if the quality of the card is a concern its a fantastic card, but ask yourself do you need/want a 3070ti or 3080 and are you prepared to pay the extra to get one?
757	pranavnagarajan	1	all 3070s are more or less the same, the only noticeable difference between brands are temperatures, noise and customer service. if the quality of the card is a concern its a fantastic card, but ask yourself do you need/want a 3070ti or 3080 and are you prepared to pay the extra to get one?
758	noelpregot	1	it's perfect for 1440p gaming. there are better cards but then you're getting into the big bucks top end cards
758	pranavnagarajan	1	it's perfect for 1440p gaming. there are better cards but then you're getting into the big bucks top end cards
759	noelpregot	1	buying a graphics card.
759	pranavnagarajan	1	buying a graphics card.
760	noelpregot	3	or at least a plastic shroud around the pins to make them easier to plug in, like for fuck's sake, guys, there is no reason for it to be this painful xd
760	pranavnagarajan	2	or at least a plastic shroud around the pins to make them easier to plug in, like for fuck's sake, guys, there is no reason for it to be this painful xd
761	noelpregot	1	i'm 5'1 and never never asked for someone's height because literally almost all men are taller than me but also i don't care. i'm short.
761	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm 5'1 and never never asked for someone's height because literally almost all men are taller than me but also i don't care. i'm short.
762	pranavnagarajan	2	4'9 literally classifies as dwarfism. what in the god damn-
762	noelpregot	2	4'9 literally classifies as dwarfism. what in the god damn-
763	noelpregot	2	this whole short tall thing is completely out of hand lol
763	pranavnagarajan	1	this whole short tall thing is completely out of hand lol
764	noelpregot	2	....and the audacity of this bitch
764	pranavnagarajan	3	....and the audacity of this bitch
765	noelpregot	1	"i'm 6'1"" and had a 5' gf a while ago. my new gf is 5'10"" and let me tell you my back definitely doesn't mind not having to bend over to kiss her."
765	pranavnagarajan	1	"i'm 6'1"" and had a 5' gf a while ago. my new gf is 5'10"" and let me tell you my back definitely doesn't mind not having to bend over to kiss her."
766	noelpregot	1	ow'd a muppet like you make it through preschool, liam?
766	pranavnagarajan	2	ow'd a muppet like you make it through preschool, liam?
767	pranavnagarajan	1	"oi mate, wot t' fock did you just say 'bout me, you little bitch? i'll 'ave you know i graduated top of me class in the sas, and i've been involved in numerous secret raids on the ira, and i 'ave over 300 confirmed kills, like. i am trained in gorilla warfare, and i am t' top sniper in the entire bleedin' sas. you are nothin' to me but just another target. i'll spark you t' fock out with precision t' likes of which 'ave never before been seen on this earth, mark me fockin' words, mate. you think you can get away with chatting all that shit to me over t' internet? think again, fucker. as we speak, i am contacting me secret network of spies across britain, and your ip address is being traced right now, so you better prepare for the storm, blud. t' storm that wipes out t' pathetic little thing you call your life. you're fockin' dead, man. i can be anywhere, anytime, and i can kill you in over 700 ways and that's just with me bare hands, like. not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat, but i have access to t' entire arsenal of the british armed forces, and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little shit. if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little ""clever"" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would 'ave held your fockin' tongue, ay? but you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying t' price, you bloomin' idiot. i'll shit fury all over you, and you'll drown in it. you're fockin' dead, mate."
767	noelpregot	3	"oi mate, wot t' fock did you just say 'bout me, you little bitch? i'll 'ave you know i graduated top of me class in the sas, and i've been involved in numerous secret raids on the ira, and i 'ave over 300 confirmed kills, like. i am trained in gorilla warfare, and i am t' top sniper in the entire bleedin' sas. you are nothin' to me but just another target. i'll spark you t' fock out with precision t' likes of which 'ave never before been seen on this earth, mark me fockin' words, mate. you think you can get away with chatting all that shit to me over t' internet? think again, fucker. as we speak, i am contacting me secret network of spies across britain, and your ip address is being traced right now, so you better prepare for the storm, blud. t' storm that wipes out t' pathetic little thing you call your life. you're fockin' dead, man. i can be anywhere, anytime, and i can kill you in over 700 ways and that's just with me bare hands, like. not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat, but i have access to t' entire arsenal of the british armed forces, and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little shit. if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little ""clever"" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would 'ave held your fockin' tongue, ay? but you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying t' price, you bloomin' idiot. i'll shit fury all over you, and you'll drown in it. you're fockin' dead, mate."
768	pranavnagarajan	1	favourite fast food: all of them
768	noelpregot	1	favourite fast food: all of them
769	noelpregot	1	isn't he in nofx?
769	pranavnagarajan	1	isn't he in nofx?
770	noelpregot	1	thank you, yes all planned!
770	pranavnagarajan	1	thank you, yes all planned!
771	noelpregot	1	well, thor and bruce are still around, but they are too high elo to play with you unless you have a full comp.
771	pranavnagarajan	1	well, thor and bruce are still around, but they are too high elo to play with you unless you have a full comp.
772	pranavnagarajan	2	my first thought was: tell me you've never been close to a woman without telling me you've never been close to a woman.
772	noelpregot	1	my first thought was: tell me you've never been close to a woman without telling me you've never been close to a woman.
773	pranavnagarajan	2	or ever been with a woman. peach fuzz
773	noelpregot	1	or ever been with a woman. peach fuzz
774	pranavnagarajan	1	it's been several years... my ps4 was a launch day console. the noise was getting unbearable. finally took it apart. cleaned it. applied fresh thermal paste. what a difference. don't quite remember my fan looking at crusty as yours. eventually passed the console on to my daughter when the ps5 launched. it still runs quiet.
774	noelpregot	1	it's been several years... my ps4 was a launch day console. the noise was getting unbearable. finally took it apart. cleaned it. applied fresh thermal paste. what a difference. don't quite remember my fan looking at crusty as yours. eventually passed the console on to my daughter when the ps5 launched. it still runs quiet.
775	noelpregot	1	you shouldnt have used it as a wood chipper.just saying
775	pranavnagarajan	1	you shouldnt have used it as a wood chipper.just saying
776	pranavnagarajan	1	brings nostalgia of me playing ps2 spider-man as a kid
776	noelpregot	1	brings nostalgia of me playing ps2 spider-man as a kid
777	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm just impressed with the amount of detail
777	noelpregot	1	i'm just impressed with the amount of detail
778	pranavnagarajan	2	achtually, she's a 32971 year old demi-demon from another planet
778	noelpregot	1	achtually, she's a 32971 year old demi-demon from another planet
779	pranavnagarajan	2	no but they've seen a *ton* of 10 year old anime girls that don't have facial hairs.
779	noelpregot	1	no but they've seen a *ton* of 10 year old anime girls that don't have facial hairs.
780	noelpregot	1	these are the same people who complained aloy didn't wear enough makeup, then proceeded to photoshop her to look like the woman they give their money to on onlyfans
780	pranavnagarajan	2	these are the same people who complained aloy didn't wear enough makeup, then proceeded to photoshop her to look like the woman they give their money to on onlyfans
781	noelpregot	1	i'm just sweating through my eyes
781	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm just sweating through my eyes
782	pranavnagarajan	1	you can't make me cry
782	noelpregot	1	you can't make me cry
783	pranavnagarajan	1	that was so beautiful & moving they both needed that
783	noelpregot	1	that was so beautiful & moving they both needed that
784	pranavnagarajan	1	it melted my heart!!
784	noelpregot	1	it melted my heart!!
785	noelpregot	1	"kid - "" i thought i was the only one!"""
785	pranavnagarajan	1	"kid - "" i thought i was the only one!"""
786	noelpregot	3	hey op, are you fucking mental?
786	pranavnagarajan	3	hey op, are you fucking mental?
787	noelpregot	1	>it makes sense that they'd get back together, it must be impossible to find single immortals in your area. > >congrats on your genes. seriously. ops mom got younger what the hell. these people are going to live forever.
787	pranavnagarajan	1	>it makes sense that they'd get back together, it must be impossible to find single immortals in your area. > >congrats on your genes. seriously. ops mom got younger what the hell. these people are going to live forever.
788	pranavnagarajan	2	nothing more wholesome than child labor !...
788	noelpregot	1	nothing more wholesome than child labor !...
789	noelpregot	1	ngl that duck do be looking dapper
789	pranavnagarajan	1	ngl that duck do be looking dapper
790	pranavnagarajan	1	there should be more ppl like this grandad on fb
790	noelpregot	1	there should be more ppl like this grandad on fb
791	pranavnagarajan	1	i don't know with regard to animals but in humans it's called colostrum.
791	noelpregot	1	i don't know with regard to animals but in humans it's called colostrum.
792	pranavnagarajan	1	what about the first milk's immunity thingy that goes to baby through milk?
792	noelpregot	1	what about the first milk's immunity thingy that goes to baby through milk?
793	pranavnagarajan	1	thanks for the info bro. thats cool to know
793	noelpregot	1	thanks for the info bro. thats cool to know
794	pranavnagarajan	1	"no. she's stressed. motherly instincts vs being a good ""pet"" to her owner. she's stress licking and staring at the person. dog's way of saying, ""back the fug up""."
794	noelpregot	1	"no. she's stressed. motherly instincts vs being a good ""pet"" to her owner. she's stress licking and staring at the person. dog's way of saying, ""back the fug up""."
795	noelpregot	1	cats can nurse dogs no problem. dogs nursing cats requires supplements, because they need more fat in their diet than dogs have. at a certain age they only do it for comfort, when they get most of their nutrients from packaged food.
795	pranavnagarajan	1	cats can nurse dogs no problem. dogs nursing cats requires supplements, because they need more fat in their diet than dogs have. at a certain age they only do it for comfort, when they get most of their nutrients from packaged food.
796	pranavnagarajan	1	is a dogs milk similar enough to cats to provide proper nutrition?
796	noelpregot	1	is a dogs milk similar enough to cats to provide proper nutrition?
797	noelpregot	1	"i love how the doggie's like "":) look ma baybeez"""
797	pranavnagarajan	1	"i love how the doggie's like "":) look ma baybeez"""
798	noelpregot	1	boobs are boobs no matter what
798	pranavnagarajan	1	boobs are boobs no matter what
799	noelpregot	1	it's o r g a n i c
799	pranavnagarajan	1	it's o r g a n i c
800	noelpregot	1	yeah but straight from the tap??
800	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah but straight from the tap??
801	pranavnagarajan	1	and i thought waking up with my knees hurting was bad
801	noelpregot	1	and i thought waking up with my knees hurting was bad
802	pranavnagarajan	1	plot twist: he created the guitar sound with his mouth too.
802	noelpregot	1	plot twist: he created the guitar sound with his mouth too.
803	noelpregot	1	as i've said a bunch of times on old posts about the guy: his name is italo vegliante, former actor, musician and stand-up comedian. he is based in rome and goes around the city drawing with chalks on rome's walkways, and sometimes can be spotted playing guitar, although he mostly wanders the city like the mystical creature he is. long live the king!
803	pranavnagarajan	1	as i've said a bunch of times on old posts about the guy: his name is italo vegliante, former actor, musician and stand-up comedian. he is based in rome and goes around the city drawing with chalks on rome's walkways, and sometimes can be spotted playing guitar, although he mostly wanders the city like the mystical creature he is. long live the king!
804	noelpregot	2	Can you pass food to each other without it breaking import laws?
804	pranavnagarajan	1	Can you pass food to each other without it breaking import laws?
805	noelpregot	2	Only one eats, the other two are not Hungary
805	pranavnagarajan	1	Only one eats, the other two are not Hungary
806	noelpregot	1	you can download a houdini or blender tool that will have a button to do everything.
806	pranavnagarajan	1	you can download a houdini or blender tool that will have a button to do everything.
807	noelpregot	2	You're doing great work my friend!
807	pranavnagarajan	1	You're doing great work my friend!
808	noelpregot	1	what an absolute legend.
808	pranavnagarajan	1	what an absolute legend.
809	pranavnagarajan	1	i do now!
809	noelpregot	1	i do now!
810	noelpregot	1	i think its lidar on a iphone corridor crew used it a few times technically not photogrammetry/ photo scanning surprising good scan from a phone
810	pranavnagarajan	1	i think its lidar on a iphone corridor crew used it a few times technically not photogrammetry/ photo scanning surprising good scan from a phone
811	pranavnagarajan	1	i really like it. would be nice if it was a little more legible tho
811	noelpregot	1	i really like it. would be nice if it was a little more legible tho
812	noelpregot	1	is that a child's shoe
812	pranavnagarajan	1	is that a child's shoe
813	noelpregot	2	"*laughs nervously because i stupidly got the ""i refuse to sink tattoo,"" circa 2011*"
813	pranavnagarajan	1	"*laughs nervously because i stupidly got the ""i refuse to sink tattoo,"" circa 2011*"
814	noelpregot	1	it means that too
814	pranavnagarajan	1	it means that too
815	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah i think i read it the same way as you. lol
815	noelpregot	1	yeah i think i read it the same way as you. lol
816	pranavnagarajan	1	ahh, had a completely different meaning for me
816	noelpregot	1	ahh, had a completely different meaning for me
817	noelpregot	1	"it's a joke about tattoos of anchors that say, ""i refuse to sink"""
817	pranavnagarajan	1	"it's a joke about tattoos of anchors that say, ""i refuse to sink"""
818	noelpregot	1	interesting way for them to advertise that
818	pranavnagarajan	1	interesting way for them to advertise that
819	pranavnagarajan	1	flameo, hotman!
819	noelpregot	1	flameo, hotman!
820	pranavnagarajan	1	the bros at the frat will love it
820	noelpregot	1	the bros at the frat will love it
821	pranavnagarajan	2	so your solution for something that is all-in-one is to have 20 different solutions on 20 different platforms? doesn't seem convenient.
821	noelpregot	1	so your solution for something that is all-in-one is to have 20 different solutions on 20 different platforms? doesn't seem convenient.
822	pranavnagarajan	1	i had 10,000 euro in a 'savings' account in a bank for a year. i got the yearly balance statement and i made the grand sum of 1.85 in interest on my 10,000. this is why crypto will win.
822	noelpregot	1	i had 10,000 euro in a 'savings' account in a bank for a year. i got the yearly balance statement and i made the grand sum of 1.85 in interest on my 10,000. this is why crypto will win.
823	pranavnagarajan	2	goodluck doing any of that with btc
823	noelpregot	1	goodluck doing any of that with btc
824	pranavnagarajan	1	those are examples of centralized crypto projects and don't represent all others. there are crypto projects that solve censorship, it's just that ethereum isn't one of them.
824	noelpregot	1	those are examples of centralized crypto projects and don't represent all others. there are crypto projects that solve censorship, it's just that ethereum isn't one of them.
825	pranavnagarajan	1	except crypto doesn't solve the problem. sole individuals have pressured the three big pools in ethereum to block certain wallets (by not processing transactions from them). law enforcement has gotten tether to block hundreds of addresses on the ethereum block chain similarly. the issue that most crypto solves is double spending, not censorship.
825	noelpregot	1	except crypto doesn't solve the problem. sole individuals have pressured the three big pools in ethereum to block certain wallets (by not processing transactions from them). law enforcement has gotten tether to block hundreds of addresses on the ethereum block chain similarly. the issue that most crypto solves is double spending, not censorship.
826	noelpregot	2	as an american, i stopped watching tv because i couldn't stand it.
826	pranavnagarajan	2	as an american, i stopped watching tv because i couldn't stand it.
827	noelpregot	1	$2m bug bounty. at 5% apy, it gives $100,000 a year. i can just live off that comfortably
827	pranavnagarajan	1	$2m bug bounty. at 5% apy, it gives $100,000 a year. i can just live off that comfortably
828	pranavnagarajan	3	"i fuckin hate that sentence to death. it says absolutely nothing about the matter and implies the person just knows better. i dont even say that to my kids. i just explain subject x to them. i mean... you could cut out every politicians tongue with the friendly reminder ""its only for your own safety"" how about that??"
828	noelpregot	3	"i fuckin hate that sentence to death. it says absolutely nothing about the matter and implies the person just knows better. i dont even say that to my kids. i just explain subject x to them. i mean... you could cut out every politicians tongue with the friendly reminder ""its only for your own safety"" how about that??"
829	pranavnagarajan	2	gullible fans (with hopefully too much money)
829	noelpregot	1	gullible fans (with hopefully too much money)
830	pranavnagarajan	2	normally wouldn't care, but i am not canadian so maybe i will send a few xmr just because their government says i can't.
830	noelpregot	2	normally wouldn't care, but i am not canadian so maybe i will send a few xmr just because their government says i can't.
831	noelpregot	1	that's already how i operate. it's quite nice.
831	pranavnagarajan	1	that's already how i operate. it's quite nice.
832	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm a civil litigation attorney. doesn't leave a whole lot of time for photography, but it helps a lot for funding gear.
832	noelpregot	1	i'm a civil litigation attorney. doesn't leave a whole lot of time for photography, but it helps a lot for funding gear.
833	noelpregot	1	> half twist off the attached lens sounds like a great way for your lens to fall off your camera. my method is this: 1. put lens cap on 2. take rear cap off lens in bag 3. twist off lens that is on camera and place into empty spot in the bag 4. put new lens on 5. put rear lens cap on lens in bag 6. take off lens cap and place in bag or pocket. i do this with my left hand while hold the camera in my right hand. i can do the whole thing in about 10 seconds.
833	pranavnagarajan	1	> half twist off the attached lens sounds like a great way for your lens to fall off your camera. my method is this: 1. put lens cap on 2. take rear cap off lens in bag 3. twist off lens that is on camera and place into empty spot in the bag 4. put new lens on 5. put rear lens cap on lens in bag 6. take off lens cap and place in bag or pocket. i do this with my left hand while hold the camera in my right hand. i can do the whole thing in about 10 seconds.
834	pranavnagarajan	1	i set the camera down on top of the dividers to my bag, pop off the lens, pop on the new one, put on any caps that arent already on and continue with what i was doing. my rf lenses are all 3k+, wouldnt risk fumbling around holding onto everything standing.
834	noelpregot	1	i set the camera down on top of the dividers to my bag, pop off the lens, pop on the new one, put on any caps that arent already on and continue with what i was doing. my rf lenses are all 3k+, wouldnt risk fumbling around holding onto everything standing.
835	noelpregot	1	subject too dark :(
835	pranavnagarajan	2	subject too dark :(
836	pranavnagarajan	2	i value my glass so yes of course. anyone who doesn't is a sociopath imo
836	noelpregot	1	i value my glass so yes of course. anyone who doesn't is a sociopath imo
837	noelpregot	1	i often have my lens cap on when i'm trying to shoot. :(
837	pranavnagarajan	1	i often have my lens cap on when i'm trying to shoot. :(
838	noelpregot	1	"it's mainly film and development processes and calibration. look up ""shirley cards."" this meant that light skin tones would reproduce well, but dark skin tones were devoid of details. sadly, it were furniture manufacturers that complained most loudly at the time, because dark brown wood wouldn't render well on film and in print. a lot of photographers then, and also today, weren't trained in how to photograph darker skin tones. most advice still orbits around photographing light skin tones. this is still a problem with digital sensors, as those were initially also optimized for light skin tones, while anything dark would be lacking in detail. face recognition software still sometime isn't sufficiently well calibrated for detecting dark skinned faces."
838	pranavnagarajan	1	"it's mainly film and development processes and calibration. look up ""shirley cards."" this meant that light skin tones would reproduce well, but dark skin tones were devoid of details. sadly, it were furniture manufacturers that complained most loudly at the time, because dark brown wood wouldn't render well on film and in print. a lot of photographers then, and also today, weren't trained in how to photograph darker skin tones. most advice still orbits around photographing light skin tones. this is still a problem with digital sensors, as those were initially also optimized for light skin tones, while anything dark would be lacking in detail. face recognition software still sometime isn't sufficiently well calibrated for detecting dark skinned faces."
839	pranavnagarajan	1	always. with front caps if for nothing else, to not lose them. with back caps, i'm obsessive about taking care of the rear element and keeping dust away from the mount.
839	noelpregot	1	always. with front caps if for nothing else, to not lose them. with back caps, i'm obsessive about taking care of the rear element and keeping dust away from the mount.
840	pranavnagarajan	1	would there be any reason not to?
840	noelpregot	1	would there be any reason not to?
841	pranavnagarajan	1	when i was 9 my mom took me to disney world. they have some of the best cinnamon rolls there. i was sitting outside the crystal palace, happily eating my cinnamon roll, when a crow or something swooped down and stole it right out of my hand. i'm still mad about it 30 years later.
841	noelpregot	1	when i was 9 my mom took me to disney world. they have some of the best cinnamon rolls there. i was sitting outside the crystal palace, happily eating my cinnamon roll, when a crow or something swooped down and stole it right out of my hand. i'm still mad about it 30 years later.
842	pranavnagarajan	1	that bird got some massive brain freeze.
842	noelpregot	2	that bird got some massive brain freeze.
843	pranavnagarajan	1	the cat did ask nicely though
843	noelpregot	1	the cat did ask nicely though
844	pranavnagarajan	1	for extra flavour
844	noelpregot	1	for extra flavour
845	noelpregot	1	she makes the rules here
845	pranavnagarajan	1	she makes the rules here
846	pranavnagarajan	1	it's three baths now
846	noelpregot	1	it's three baths now
847	pranavnagarajan	1	"yep: ""i am doggo, i'm here to report that i am goodest boy"""
847	noelpregot	1	"yep: ""i am doggo, i'm here to report that i am goodest boy"""
848	pranavnagarajan	1	it looked like the cat knew what it was doing!
848	noelpregot	1	it looked like the cat knew what it was doing!
849	noelpregot	1	i think the other news reporter was trying to hide a grin
849	pranavnagarajan	1	i think the other news reporter was trying to hide a grin
850	pranavnagarajan	1	that dog was an rt operative.
850	noelpregot	1	that dog was an rt operative.
851	noelpregot	1	steph, 2 time mvp one time unanimous mvp, saying i'll take a back seat to kevin durant on my -own- team is what made it all work so well
851	pranavnagarajan	1	steph, 2 time mvp one time unanimous mvp, saying i'll take a back seat to kevin durant on my -own- team is what made it all work so well
852	noelpregot	1	incidentally, james harden sees destiny frequently
852	pranavnagarajan	1	incidentally, james harden sees destiny frequently
853	noelpregot	1	as someone who's obviously bias, giddey has no chance. mobley is probably going to be all defensive 2nd team this year. he deserves 2nd place though.
853	pranavnagarajan	1	as someone who's obviously bias, giddey has no chance. mobley is probably going to be all defensive 2nd team this year. he deserves 2nd place though.
854	pranavnagarajan	2	get out of here with your logic this is r/nba!
854	noelpregot	1	get out of here with your logic this is r/nba!
855	pranavnagarajan	1	joel embiid only played 31 games in his first 3 seasons (and only 94 in his first 4), and now he's a perennial mvp candidate
855	noelpregot	1	joel embiid only played 31 games in his first 3 seasons (and only 94 in his first 4), and now he's a perennial mvp candidate
856	pranavnagarajan	1	wouldn't a better comparison be how many games each player missed, seeing as covid shut down one of those seasons, and the other season was shorter than the typical 82 game season?
856	noelpregot	1	wouldn't a better comparison be how many games each player missed, seeing as covid shut down one of those seasons, and the other season was shorter than the typical 82 game season?
857	pranavnagarajan	2	pls stop
857	noelpregot	2	pls stop
858	pranavnagarajan	1	giddey about to sweep the west rotm.
858	noelpregot	1	giddey about to sweep the west rotm.
859	noelpregot	1	giddey is going to make an insane push for roty isn't he? breaking some young triple double records for the next two straights months.
859	pranavnagarajan	1	giddey is going to make an insane push for roty isn't he? breaking some young triple double records for the next two straights months.
860	pranavnagarajan	1	my boy ayyyyoooooo rising to six!
860	noelpregot	1	my boy ayyyyoooooo rising to six!
861	noelpregot	1	"the look of disdain when you place it on the ""wrong"" mat ""how many times do we have to go through this??"" vibe"
861	pranavnagarajan	1	"the look of disdain when you place it on the ""wrong"" mat ""how many times do we have to go through this??"" vibe"
862	pranavnagarajan	1	difficult to describe, you just feel when it's purrfect
862	noelpregot	1	difficult to describe, you just feel when it's purrfect
863	noelpregot	1	nothing derpy about that, clever dog!
863	pranavnagarajan	1	nothing derpy about that, clever dog!
864	pranavnagarajan	1	so what is the temp? is it closer to colder or closer to warmer?
864	noelpregot	1	so what is the temp? is it closer to colder or closer to warmer?
865	noelpregot	2	boop the snoot
865	pranavnagarajan	1	boop the snoot
866	pranavnagarajan	1	"he's saying ""what are you doing?"""
866	noelpregot	1	"he's saying ""what are you doing?"""
867	noelpregot	1	a cat in a bath? odd
867	pranavnagarajan	1	a cat in a bath? odd
868	noelpregot	3	sounds like you need to take a bath and relax a little
868	pranavnagarajan	2	sounds like you need to take a bath and relax a little
869	noelpregot	2	actually really awful... i think the poor duck needs space to accelerate to fly out of the water. with the tiger chasing him, he's stuck
869	pranavnagarajan	1	actually really awful... i think the poor duck needs space to accelerate to fly out of the water. with the tiger chasing him, he's stuck
870	pranavnagarajan	1	marco
870	noelpregot	1	marco
871	noelpregot	1	exactly! i had some carrots in the fridge that started sprouting leaves so i figured i'd chuck the tops in the garden, add water, & see what happened. i've never grown carrots before & it was interesting to watch the tops grow. the tops got *huge* so i didn't expect much to be happening underground. just soil, water, & sun. hope you & yours kids have fun trying this!
871	pranavnagarajan	1	exactly! i had some carrots in the fridge that started sprouting leaves so i figured i'd chuck the tops in the garden, add water, & see what happened. i've never grown carrots before & it was interesting to watch the tops grow. the tops got *huge* so i didn't expect much to be happening underground. just soil, water, & sun. hope you & yours kids have fun trying this!
872	pranavnagarajan	1	wait dude what's happening here, did you plant the end bits and they took off? that's amazing, i'm gonna get the kids to try this. did you do anything specific like add some rooting hormone etc? or is is just straight in soil and water/wait?
872	noelpregot	1	wait dude what's happening here, did you plant the end bits and they took off? that's amazing, i'm gonna get the kids to try this. did you do anything specific like add some rooting hormone etc? or is is just straight in soil and water/wait?
873	pranavnagarajan	2	i hope sweet sweet carnage ensued.
873	noelpregot	1	i hope sweet sweet carnage ensued.
874	pranavnagarajan	1	need context. you live in the philippines or you are loaded and have a room for this hobby??
874	noelpregot	1	need context. you live in the philippines or you are loaded and have a room for this hobby??
875	noelpregot	1	this is all to real for me here in michigan. last year my daffodils got a nice snow blanket after blooming beautifully. they survived.
875	pranavnagarajan	1	this is all to real for me here in michigan. last year my daffodils got a nice snow blanket after blooming beautifully. they survived.
876	noelpregot	1	this is too funny! and oh so real. especially when you have a full week of spring-like days, then a sudden frost shows up out of nowhere with a vengeance.
876	pranavnagarajan	1	this is too funny! and oh so real. especially when you have a full week of spring-like days, then a sudden frost shows up out of nowhere with a vengeance.
877	noelpregot	1	more like absolutely jacked fruit.
877	pranavnagarajan	1	more like absolutely jacked fruit.
878	pranavnagarajan	1	absolutely gorgeous color
878	noelpregot	1	absolutely gorgeous color
879	noelpregot	1	this is the same one, he's actually updating you with graduation pics
879	pranavnagarajan	1	this is the same one, he's actually updating you with graduation pics
880	noelpregot	1	my man's over here bathing dark souls bosses.
880	pranavnagarajan	1	my man's over here bathing dark souls bosses.
881	pranavnagarajan	2	stfup you are loved.
881	noelpregot	1	stfup you are loved.
882	noelpregot	1	no no you have a point
882	pranavnagarajan	1	no no you have a point
883	noelpregot	1	Sorry to hear about your father. But yes, always remember to keep your pinky up. Water is for quitters.
883	pranavnagarajan	1	Sorry to hear about your father. But yes, always remember to keep your pinky up. Water is for quitters.
884	noelpregot	2	dying alone gang where u at make some mf noise
884	pranavnagarajan	1	dying alone gang where u at make some mf noise
885	noelpregot	2	oh sorry to hear that. let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.
885	pranavnagarajan	2	oh sorry to hear that. let me play a sad song for you on the world's smallest violin.
886	pranavnagarajan	1	looooser looooser edit: yes this is an sb reference not a diss.
886	noelpregot	3	looooser looooser edit: yes this is an sb reference not a diss.
887	pranavnagarajan	1	you see spongebob and patrick are doing the right thing, both here and the original. they never moved.
887	noelpregot	1	you see spongebob and patrick are doing the right thing, both here and the original. they never moved.
888	pranavnagarajan	1	wondering how much effort and time was putted in this video
888	noelpregot	2	wondering how much effort and time was putted in this video
889	noelpregot	1	Excellent piece and tribute to your dad. I'm sorry for your loss
889	pranavnagarajan	1	Excellent piece and tribute to your dad. I'm sorry for your loss
890	noelpregot	1	this is a masterpiece
890	pranavnagarajan	1	this is a masterpiece
891	noelpregot	1	"guy on the left: guy in the middle: ""no that's how you do it."""
891	pranavnagarajan	1	"guy on the left: guy in the middle: ""no that's how you do it."""
892	noelpregot	1	fun fact: that's how you actually take off chainmail they're so heavy that there's no point in trying to raise them above your head, so you just lean over and let it fall down. i believe that's also what the image is trying to point out
892	pranavnagarajan	1	fun fact: that's how you actually take off chainmail they're so heavy that there's no point in trying to raise them above your head, so you just lean over and let it fall down. i believe that's also what the image is trying to point out
893	pranavnagarajan	1	i love this sub. mates just point and laugh.
893	noelpregot	1	i love this sub. mates just point and laugh.
894	pranavnagarajan	1	he's just planning for the the spanish inquisition
894	noelpregot	1	he's just planning for the the spanish inquisition
895	pranavnagarajan	2	wow that neckbeard it's like a second jaw
895	noelpregot	1	wow that neckbeard it's like a second jaw
896	noelpregot	1	he's just treasuring the moment before he murders them in cold blood.
896	pranavnagarajan	2	he's just treasuring the moment before he murders them in cold blood.
897	noelpregot	3	nah fuck that. club em.
897	pranavnagarajan	3	nah fuck that. club em.
898	noelpregot	1	i'd only want the best for them and to wear their face.
898	pranavnagarajan	2	i'd only want the best for them and to wear their face.
899	pranavnagarajan	1	at first glance, the goat looks like it's wearing a backwards baseball cap.
899	noelpregot	1	at first glance, the goat looks like it's wearing a backwards baseball cap.
900	pranavnagarajan	1	jesus christ in the year 33 before christ?
900	noelpregot	1	jesus christ in the year 33 before christ?
901	pranavnagarajan	2	people don't realize this but in india there are times when a man is kidnapped by members of his own family and forced to marry some woman they chose for him. it's happened to many of my relatives and almost happened to my dad.
901	noelpregot	2	people don't realize this but in india there are times when a man is kidnapped by members of his own family and forced to marry some woman they chose for him. it's happened to many of my relatives and almost happened to my dad.
902	pranavnagarajan	1	it's true, i'm men
902	noelpregot	1	it's true, i'm men
903	pranavnagarajan	2	looks like south indian. so men are usually 8 or more years older then their wives. also they are mostly arranged and it's gonna be miserable.
903	noelpregot	2	looks like south indian. so men are usually 8 or more years older then their wives. also they are mostly arranged and it's gonna be miserable.
904	noelpregot	1	arranged marriages are forced on both parties, so many comments assume the groom here is some kind of evil misogynistic ass when they could both be not into this.
904	pranavnagarajan	2	arranged marriages are forced on both parties, so many comments assume the groom here is some kind of evil misogynistic ass when they could both be not into this.
905	noelpregot	3	listen here you piece of shit..
905	pranavnagarajan	3	listen here you piece of shit..
906	pranavnagarajan	2	i would say a core memory of receiving the message that she is powerless and unimportant, that her feelings don't matter, and that the adults closest to her cannot be trusted to show basic respect and consideration to her.
906	noelpregot	1	i would say a core memory of receiving the message that she is powerless and unimportant, that her feelings don't matter, and that the adults closest to her cannot be trusted to show basic respect and consideration to her.
907	noelpregot	3	shitty human vibes
907	pranavnagarajan	3	shitty human vibes
908	pranavnagarajan	1	why not both
908	noelpregot	1	why not both
909	pranavnagarajan	2	core memory of sadness or anger
909	noelpregot	1	core memory of sadness or anger
910	pranavnagarajan	1	That's some serious comedic talent in one short clip.
910	noelpregot	1	That's some serious comedic talent in one short clip.
911	noelpregot	2	just because you put your food on a board doesn't make it charcuterie. good lord
911	pranavnagarajan	2	just because you put your food on a board doesn't make it charcuterie. good lord
912	pranavnagarajan	1	my wife is lebanese. we thank you for including the mandatory orange drink
912	noelpregot	1	my wife is lebanese. we thank you for including the mandatory orange drink
913	noelpregot	1	well i think gyro contains chicken , so basically no ! this is a dough like pizza dough and a herb called zaatar is spread on it with olive oil and is put in the oven then mint , onions , tomatoes , olives and cucumber are put on it and wrapped ! also you cam go to amy arabic store or pastry shop and order it !
913	pranavnagarajan	1	well i think gyro contains chicken , so basically no ! this is a dough like pizza dough and a herb called zaatar is spread on it with olive oil and is put in the oven then mint , onions , tomatoes , olives and cucumber are put on it and wrapped ! also you cam go to amy arabic store or pastry shop and order it !
914	noelpregot	1	very good , that was my favorite breakfast back when i was a kid !
914	pranavnagarajan	1	very good , that was my favorite breakfast back when i was a kid !
915	pranavnagarajan	1	the hdr on this bad boy cranked to 1009
915	noelpregot	1	the hdr on this bad boy cranked to 1009
916	pranavnagarajan	1	i know nothing about lebanese food, but damn that looks good
916	noelpregot	1	i know nothing about lebanese food, but damn that looks good
917	noelpregot	1	that's a shit ton of brussel sprouts
917	pranavnagarajan	1	that's a shit ton of brussel sprouts
918	pranavnagarajan	1	ok it's decided. going out today to buy a propane griddle.
918	noelpregot	1	ok it's decided. going out today to buy a propane griddle.
919	noelpregot	1	up north here that's probably 75 bucks worth of steak.
919	pranavnagarajan	1	up north here that's probably 75 bucks worth of steak.
920	noelpregot	1	i have got to get me a blackstone. enjoy
920	pranavnagarajan	1	i have got to get me a blackstone. enjoy
921	noelpregot	1	yes, this. not saying it wasn't the appropriate move for those kids but your son has been put through it. and then you adopted kids to help. he has a lot of trauma. he is very resentful of the adoption. he is hurt by his father's actions. he is probably hurt that you took on more children instead of focusing solely on your own. he is not acting out because of nothing. he is a very hurt and scared little boy. he barely tries because he is scared of his future. he needs real help. he needs a bigger therapy course now. and you say you are in most of his sessions with him? he needs sessions all his own so he can actually open up.
921	pranavnagarajan	2	yes, this. not saying it wasn't the appropriate move for those kids but your son has been put through it. and then you adopted kids to help. he has a lot of trauma. he is very resentful of the adoption. he is hurt by his father's actions. he is probably hurt that you took on more children instead of focusing solely on your own. he is not acting out because of nothing. he is a very hurt and scared little boy. he barely tries because he is scared of his future. he needs real help. he needs a bigger therapy course now. and you say you are in most of his sessions with him? he needs sessions all his own so he can actually open up.
922	noelpregot	1	in my opinion there should be no such meetings involving such small children without the parents present. there should possibly be a meeting between you and the school without any children first.
922	pranavnagarajan	1	in my opinion there should be no such meetings involving such small children without the parents present. there should possibly be a meeting between you and the school without any children first.
923	noelpregot	1	this. if your kid is sick, keep them home please. i'm recovering from an awful stomach bug i got from my toddler because some idiot sent their kid ill less than 48 hours after vomiting. i'm seriously worried about my 8 month old catching it.
923	pranavnagarajan	1	this. if your kid is sick, keep them home please. i'm recovering from an awful stomach bug i got from my toddler because some idiot sent their kid ill less than 48 hours after vomiting. i'm seriously worried about my 8 month old catching it.
924	noelpregot	3	"hi! i used to work with kids like yours. it's rough as fuck. there's no ""good"" way out of where you're at because you're already - more importantly *he's* already - way in over his head. so everything is going to feel like shit for everyone, but a key point to take away is this: he can't learn to make good decisions if he's not being provided with *useful* feedback. what makes feedback useful is basically three things: immediate, unambiguous, and brief. this feedback loop is actually exactly what makes video games so satisfying. they've been designed to make the gap between mistake and consequ short, clear, and let you redo. contrast that with what just played out with the chores: the feedback (consequence) was delayed (the week was already over), unambiguous, and permanent. you're going to need buy in from him, but that's only going to come by leaning on your relationship which sounds like it isn't doing so hot right now. he needs to really feel like you're on his side. that's going to take time reinvesting in that relationship. or, you can also quite fairly say that you've done enough. that he's nearly an adult and will reap what he sows. at a certain point, this has to be the next step, and where that point is can only be up to you"
924	pranavnagarajan	1	"hi! i used to work with kids like yours. it's rough as fuck. there's no ""good"" way out of where you're at because you're already - more importantly *he's* already - way in over his head. so everything is going to feel like shit for everyone, but a key point to take away is this: he can't learn to make good decisions if he's not being provided with *useful* feedback. what makes feedback useful is basically three things: immediate, unambiguous, and brief. this feedback loop is actually exactly what makes video games so satisfying. they've been designed to make the gap between mistake and consequ short, clear, and let you redo. contrast that with what just played out with the chores: the feedback (consequence) was delayed (the week was already over), unambiguous, and permanent. you're going to need buy in from him, but that's only going to come by leaning on your relationship which sounds like it isn't doing so hot right now. he needs to really feel like you're on his side. that's going to take time reinvesting in that relationship. or, you can also quite fairly say that you've done enough. that he's nearly an adult and will reap what he sows. at a certain point, this has to be the next step, and where that point is can only be up to you"
925	pranavnagarajan	1	i was bullied and assaulted on school grounds, and was coerced by the social worker *to apologize to my bullies because i made one inappropriate comment toward them*, and they didn't notify my mother. there was no faculty supervision when i gave my truly heartfelt apology over my callous and thoughtless words. they beat me up again (my mom was a single mom who worked nocs and was often forced into am shifts, so she didn't see me until after everything was said and done). the second time all students involved were permanently expelled from the school district and had to bus out to another county for the rest of their school career. i realize i was 14 years old, not a young child, but do not trust faculty to handle this situation in an appropriate manner without a parent present. especially *because* your child is a young child, it is even more important that you be present.
925	noelpregot	1	i was bullied and assaulted on school grounds, and was coerced by the social worker *to apologize to my bullies because i made one inappropriate comment toward them*, and they didn't notify my mother. there was no faculty supervision when i gave my truly heartfelt apology over my callous and thoughtless words. they beat me up again (my mom was a single mom who worked nocs and was often forced into am shifts, so she didn't see me until after everything was said and done). the second time all students involved were permanently expelled from the school district and had to bus out to another county for the rest of their school career. i realize i was 14 years old, not a young child, but do not trust faculty to handle this situation in an appropriate manner without a parent present. especially *because* your child is a young child, it is even more important that you be present.
926	pranavnagarajan	1	have you considered it's the adoption of the siblings that's the issue? it sounds like the must take up a lot of your time and resources to raise them? especially considering their backgrounds?
926	noelpregot	1	have you considered it's the adoption of the siblings that's the issue? it sounds like the must take up a lot of your time and resources to raise them? especially considering their backgrounds?
927	noelpregot	1	some of these comments are scary. like have people heard of rsv? it ain't just covid overrunning pediatric er's right now. what may be a runny nose for one kid is a stay in the pediatric icu for another kid who may have been perfectly healthy before. you can't play around with stuff like this!
927	pranavnagarajan	2	some of these comments are scary. like have people heard of rsv? it ain't just covid overrunning pediatric er's right now. what may be a runny nose for one kid is a stay in the pediatric icu for another kid who may have been perfectly healthy before. you can't play around with stuff like this!
928	pranavnagarajan	1	"just to give you perspective from the other side, or maybe why daycares have this policy: my daughter was born when my son was 17 months old. my son was in full time daycare before i went on mat leave, since my husband and i work full time. my husband got 1 unpaid day off when each kid was born. we decided to keep my son in daycare half time, since i couldn't physically take care of him (lift him into his crib, etc) but couldn't afford full time while i was on leave. a parent sent their child to daycare with ""just a cold."" my son brought home ""just a cold."" what presented as ""just a cold"" in toddlers actually was meningitis and my 6 day old daughter was in the picu for a week, where we weren't sure if she would live. this was pre covid. i understand how frustrating it must be to have your childcare solution be changed at the last minute, but i'm so grateful for daycares that have this type of policy to protect those that aren't able to protect themselves. while it might seem annoying to have to work around your work schedule with a runny-nosed child, it is probably easier than managing a hospital stay with a newborn. so i get it - but there is another side."
928	noelpregot	1	"just to give you perspective from the other side, or maybe why daycares have this policy: my daughter was born when my son was 17 months old. my son was in full time daycare before i went on mat leave, since my husband and i work full time. my husband got 1 unpaid day off when each kid was born. we decided to keep my son in daycare half time, since i couldn't physically take care of him (lift him into his crib, etc) but couldn't afford full time while i was on leave. a parent sent their child to daycare with ""just a cold."" my son brought home ""just a cold."" what presented as ""just a cold"" in toddlers actually was meningitis and my 6 day old daughter was in the picu for a week, where we weren't sure if she would live. this was pre covid. i understand how frustrating it must be to have your childcare solution be changed at the last minute, but i'm so grateful for daycares that have this type of policy to protect those that aren't able to protect themselves. while it might seem annoying to have to work around your work schedule with a runny-nosed child, it is probably easier than managing a hospital stay with a newborn. so i get it - but there is another side."
929	noelpregot	2	"i say this as a teacher: i would not allow my child in a meeting with the bullies without my presence. i would not trust the potential manipulation and frankly the comments made at this point are far beyond the level a 7 year old should be dealing with. this isn't ""heather called me names"" this is a serious allegation that needs to be taken as such, not handled in a mediated conversation with an ap who is not trained in these types of conversations."
929	pranavnagarajan	2	"i say this as a teacher: i would not allow my child in a meeting with the bullies without my presence. i would not trust the potential manipulation and frankly the comments made at this point are far beyond the level a 7 year old should be dealing with. this isn't ""heather called me names"" this is a serious allegation that needs to be taken as such, not handled in a mediated conversation with an ap who is not trained in these types of conversations."
930	noelpregot	2	a death threat? easy. just call the police. that's way beyond school jurisdiction.
930	pranavnagarajan	1	a death threat? easy. just call the police. that's way beyond school jurisdiction.
931	noelpregot	1	99% fiat is held by 1% holders.
931	pranavnagarajan	1	99% fiat is held by 1% holders.
932	noelpregot	1	this is quite literally the definition of fiat currency, and as elementary as it can get. he's not so much admitting anything as he is explaining some basic fundamentals on how modern currency works.
932	pranavnagarajan	1	this is quite literally the definition of fiat currency, and as elementary as it can get. he's not so much admitting anything as he is explaining some basic fundamentals on how modern currency works.
933	noelpregot	2	"i mean this is textbook stuff, it's not like he accidentally disclosed a fed secret and was forced to ""admit"" anything, and now at long last, the cat is out of the bag."
933	pranavnagarajan	1	"i mean this is textbook stuff, it's not like he accidentally disclosed a fed secret and was forced to ""admit"" anything, and now at long last, the cat is out of the bag."
934	pranavnagarajan	1	"as coin bureau just tweeted: ""know this: the money in your bank account is one ""state of emergency"" away from being the government's money.."""
934	noelpregot	1	"as coin bureau just tweeted: ""know this: the money in your bank account is one ""state of emergency"" away from being the government's money.."""
935	noelpregot	2	the chinese have been driving real estate pricing thru the roof in all of canada's major cities through laundered money and a couple paltry changes have done nothing. a few truckers get together and bank accounts are frozen and companies are directed to hold payments. wow
935	pranavnagarajan	2	the chinese have been driving real estate pricing thru the roof in all of canada's major cities through laundered money and a couple paltry changes have done nothing. a few truckers get together and bank accounts are frozen and companies are directed to hold payments. wow
936	pranavnagarajan	1	it's interesting that canada now considers bitcoin to be money. this is a beginning of recognition, even if it is done in an aggressive way.
936	noelpregot	1	it's interesting that canada now considers bitcoin to be money. this is a beginning of recognition, even if it is done in an aggressive way.
937	pranavnagarajan	2	but money laundering in housing is ok.
937	noelpregot	2	but money laundering in housing is ok.
938	pranavnagarajan	2	bitcoin was never intended to be used to evade taxes or be anonymous. some of you completely miss the point of crypto and it shows.
938	noelpregot	1	bitcoin was never intended to be used to evade taxes or be anonymous. some of you completely miss the point of crypto and it shows.
939	noelpregot	1	and they say bitcoin is useless!
939	pranavnagarajan	1	and they say bitcoin is useless!
940	noelpregot	1	yeah what happened to bitcoin being not real or a scam? if it was, it wouldn't be on any watchlist.
940	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah what happened to bitcoin being not real or a scam? if it was, it wouldn't be on any watchlist.
941	noelpregot	1	ok, but what about languages based on number of jobs
941	pranavnagarajan	1	ok, but what about languages based on number of jobs
942	pranavnagarajan	1	i still prefer static html for smaller projects, never breaks, never needs maintenance :)
942	noelpregot	1	i still prefer static html for smaller projects, never breaks, never needs maintenance :)
943	pranavnagarajan	1	awesome! my grandfather learned to make simple websites (just html) in the late 90s when he was in his 60s. then he taught me and i've been hooked with computers ever since.
943	noelpregot	1	awesome! my grandfather learned to make simple websites (just html) in the late 90s when he was in his 60s. then he taught me and i've been hooked with computers ever since.
944	noelpregot	1	karma farming with three year old news.
944	pranavnagarajan	2	karma farming with three year old news.
945	pranavnagarajan	2	> not arrested ? > > you can surrender yourself to the police. ah thanks, i will !!
945	noelpregot	1	> not arrested ? > > you can surrender yourself to the police. ah thanks, i will !!
946	noelpregot	1	> it's a running joke in the crypto communities. crypto communities are the running joke
946	pranavnagarajan	2	> it's a running joke in the crypto communities. crypto communities are the running joke
947	noelpregot	2	i used to work with a few ad agencies. we did two web sites specifically for super bowl ads. each time budget was 10% functionality, 90% testing/infrastructure/scaling. with larger agencies this was expected (and they are not budget conscious). smaller agencies pushed back on and we actually rejected more than one project based on lack of understanding/willingness to pay for scaling.
947	pranavnagarajan	1	i used to work with a few ad agencies. we did two web sites specifically for super bowl ads. each time budget was 10% functionality, 90% testing/infrastructure/scaling. with larger agencies this was expected (and they are not budget conscious). smaller agencies pushed back on and we actually rejected more than one project based on lack of understanding/willingness to pay for scaling.
948	noelpregot	1	the bean-counters told them that spending millions on a superbowl ad was capex, but spending half that much on developers salaries is opex, and increases to opex aren't in the budget.
948	pranavnagarajan	1	the bean-counters told them that spending millions on a superbowl ad was capex, but spending half that much on developers salaries is opex, and increases to opex aren't in the budget.
949	noelpregot	1	"in the third paragraph where it says ""3 x 109 letters long, or some 3 gigabytes""- should it instead say 10^9?"
949	pranavnagarajan	1	"in the third paragraph where it says ""3 x 109 letters long, or some 3 gigabytes""- should it instead say 10^9?"
950	pranavnagarajan	1	they were using a text format where each nucleotide was reprented by an ascii character, so it would've taken 1 byte even though there were only four combinations. as for *why* they were using a text format, i'm guessing it's because ease of processing was more important than storage space. if you squeeze in each nucleotide into 2 bits, you need to decode and re-encode it every time you want to do something to the individual letters, and you can't leverage existing text processing tools. i have zero evidence for this though, so take it with a bucket of salt.
950	noelpregot	1	they were using a text format where each nucleotide was reprented by an ascii character, so it would've taken 1 byte even though there were only four combinations. as for *why* they were using a text format, i'm guessing it's because ease of processing was more important than storage space. if you squeeze in each nucleotide into 2 bits, you need to decode and re-encode it every time you want to do something to the individual letters, and you can't leverage existing text processing tools. i have zero evidence for this though, so take it with a bucket of salt.
951	pranavnagarajan	1	that mustve sucked seeing all that work setting up just to have that happen
951	noelpregot	1	that mustve sucked seeing all that work setting up just to have that happen
952	noelpregot	1	what's infuriating here? i think you just lack humor, op.
952	pranavnagarajan	2	what's infuriating here? i think you just lack humor, op.
953	pranavnagarajan	2	to all the idiots saying its the nazi symbol: op said it was from the 1800's and nazis did not exist back then this same symbol was and still is the hindu peace symbol the nazi one is rotated
953	noelpregot	3	to all the idiots saying its the nazi symbol: op said it was from the 1800's and nazis did not exist back then this same symbol was and still is the hindu peace symbol the nazi one is rotated
954	noelpregot	1	he did say it was spongebob, not his wealthier cousin who can afford pants, spongebob squarepants esq.
954	pranavnagarajan	1	he did say it was spongebob, not his wealthier cousin who can afford pants, spongebob squarepants esq.
955	noelpregot	1	grr, 12
955	pranavnagarajan	2	grr, 12
956	noelpregot	2	there's so much wrong with this order
956	pranavnagarajan	2	there's so much wrong with this order
957	pranavnagarajan	1	wow. there's no wall in my house big enough for an 85' television!
957	noelpregot	1	wow. there's no wall in my house big enough for an 85' television!
958	pranavnagarajan	2	spongebob ate them all, you can see he's got his cheeks full. guilty-ass looking piece of disposable kitchenware
958	noelpregot	1	spongebob ate them all, you can see he's got his cheeks full. guilty-ass looking piece of disposable kitchenware
959	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah sorry i'm just wound up from the stress
959	noelpregot	1	yeah sorry i'm just wound up from the stress
960	noelpregot	1	alright, my bad! plus, a big ass tv like that one surely comes with warranty. i was just joking :(
960	pranavnagarajan	1	alright, my bad! plus, a big ass tv like that one surely comes with warranty. i was just joking :(
961	noelpregot	1	very nutritious but they smell like death.
961	pranavnagarajan	2	very nutritious but they smell like death.
962	pranavnagarajan	1	i sprout mung beans in my desk
962	noelpregot	1	i sprout mung beans in my desk
963	noelpregot	1	i'm pretty sure that's actually an american dish but yum!
963	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm pretty sure that's actually an american dish but yum!
964	noelpregot	1	"it can also be mixed with rice or pasta stretch those items and cut calories. this works great for mexican / asian style ""bowls""."
964	pranavnagarajan	1	"it can also be mixed with rice or pasta stretch those items and cut calories. this works great for mexican / asian style ""bowls""."
965	noelpregot	1	bean sprouts are another awesome alternative. like cabbage, they're cheap and it's easy to cook in bulk if you're just interested in quantity of food. they can also be super nutrient dense. my favorite use of them is with stir fry, where they make a decent substitute for noodles.
965	pranavnagarajan	1	bean sprouts are another awesome alternative. like cabbage, they're cheap and it's easy to cook in bulk if you're just interested in quantity of food. they can also be super nutrient dense. my favorite use of them is with stir fry, where they make a decent substitute for noodles.
966	pranavnagarajan	1	i bulk up soup with cooked, pureed zucchini. it makes a good base for tons of stuff.
966	noelpregot	1	i bulk up soup with cooked, pureed zucchini. it makes a good base for tons of stuff.
967	noelpregot	1	cabbage is cheap and it's bland enough that you can use it sliced or shredded as a substitute for rice or pasta in most dishes.
967	pranavnagarajan	1	cabbage is cheap and it's bland enough that you can use it sliced or shredded as a substitute for rice or pasta in most dishes.
968	pranavnagarajan	1	eggs are cheap, nutritious, and keto approved. you can also use steamed veggies to bulk out a meal. depends on where you live but around me there are bags of frozen steamables for like a buck at walmart and kroger. big leafy salads are good for stretching your budget too. spaghetti squash is great too, you get a ton of food from one squash and you can use it very similarly to pasta. it doesn't taste the same but it's really good with a keto alfredo, chicken, and spinach or broccoli.
968	noelpregot	1	eggs are cheap, nutritious, and keto approved. you can also use steamed veggies to bulk out a meal. depends on where you live but around me there are bags of frozen steamables for like a buck at walmart and kroger. big leafy salads are good for stretching your budget too. spaghetti squash is great too, you get a ton of food from one squash and you can use it very similarly to pasta. it doesn't taste the same but it's really good with a keto alfredo, chicken, and spinach or broccoli.
969	pranavnagarajan	1	oh damn, this is like the perfect answer. never even considered sous vide but that would work amazingly. i'd get the benefit of using water while not having to introduce water directly.
969	noelpregot	1	oh damn, this is like the perfect answer. never even considered sous vide but that would work amazingly. i'd get the benefit of using water while not having to introduce water directly.
970	pranavnagarajan	1	i cut it so it's thin rectangles, and use garlic powder, salt, and pepper. cool it in light oil for 2.5 minutes a side until golden brown. usually 2 flips
970	noelpregot	1	i cut it so it's thin rectangles, and use garlic powder, salt, and pepper. cool it in light oil for 2.5 minutes a side until golden brown. usually 2 flips
971	noelpregot	1	lucky those horns aren't sharp. same could be said about the dude
971	pranavnagarajan	2	lucky those horns aren't sharp. same could be said about the dude
972	noelpregot	1	have balls. would rather take a bonk in the donk than have my femoral artery torn open by a steer.
972	pranavnagarajan	2	have balls. would rather take a bonk in the donk than have my femoral artery torn open by a steer.
973	noelpregot	1	Lol I love how the girl in the middle takes a bite out of the fruit and puts it back in her friends drink
973	pranavnagarajan	1	Lol I love how the girl in the middle takes a bite out of the fruit and puts it back in her friends drink
974	pranavnagarajan	1	yeah if he was aggressive it would look a lot different / this video would be on another sub
974	noelpregot	1	yeah if he was aggressive it would look a lot different / this video would be on another sub
975	noelpregot	1	bro watched one episode of greys anatomy and can now diagnose anyone with a detailed list of injuries.
975	pranavnagarajan	2	bro watched one episode of greys anatomy and can now diagnose anyone with a detailed list of injuries.
976	pranavnagarajan	1	they're usually pretty self-aware of their horns, but i think he was enjoying the scritches too much and got carried away!
976	noelpregot	1	they're usually pretty self-aware of their horns, but i think he was enjoying the scritches too much and got carried away!
977	noelpregot	1	good piece of advice, steer clear of the horns on animals like that
977	pranavnagarajan	1	good piece of advice, steer clear of the horns on animals like that
978	pranavnagarajan	1	lucky it didn't gore into his thigh and cut the vein! i'd rather a hit in the beans over a life threatening injury any day! lol
978	noelpregot	1	lucky it didn't gore into his thigh and cut the vein! i'd rather a hit in the beans over a life threatening injury any day! lol
979	noelpregot	1	that could have been much worse.
979	pranavnagarajan	1	that could have been much worse.
980	pranavnagarajan	1	pow! right in the watusi.
980	noelpregot	1	pow! right in the watusi.
981	pranavnagarajan	1	this is so cool! did you make that border yourself?
981	noelpregot	1	this is so cool! did you make that border yourself?
982	pranavnagarajan	1	just put them in a time capsule and bury it where twinleaf will be.
982	noelpregot	1	just put them in a time capsule and bury it where twinleaf will be.
983	noelpregot	1	"it didnt fit in my ""favorite of each type"" panel, but got really close to be on it. it has a really simple design and is kinda cute imo. plus i think it was kinda rare in hg/ss (i think you needed to get a call by a specific fisherman)"
983	pranavnagarajan	1	"it didnt fit in my ""favorite of each type"" panel, but got really close to be on it. it has a really simple design and is kinda cute imo. plus i think it was kinda rare in hg/ss (i think you needed to get a call by a specific fisherman)"
984	pranavnagarajan	1	to be honest, overqwil is such a cool name
984	noelpregot	1	to be honest, overqwil is such a cool name
985	pranavnagarajan	3	kick the baby
985	noelpregot	3	kick the baby
986	pranavnagarajan	1	i know, right? my pokemon takes a nap and i just want to sit next to them and pet them. and while we're at it, why can't i send my pokemon out in my own goddamned house??? ... i just wanna sleep with them next to my bed.
986	noelpregot	2	i know, right? my pokemon takes a nap and i just want to sit next to them and pet them. and while we're at it, why can't i send my pokemon out in my own goddamned house??? ... i just wanna sleep with them next to my bed.
987	noelpregot	1	at that point, having an alpha, having a shiny, and having an alpha shiny (with every variation for f/m) would be 100%. gotta get that dex complete complete.
987	pranavnagarajan	1	at that point, having an alpha, having a shiny, and having an alpha shiny (with every variation for f/m) would be 100%. gotta get that dex complete complete.
988	pranavnagarajan	1	this is really the area i'd like to see them improve on in future games. just general ui and menus. the clothing shop should list by overall clothing type first and only then open up a list of color options. the hairdresser shouldn't charge you until after you've selected options to change, being charged just to even look at the options even if you don't intend on changing your current style is silly. npcs that sell/buy unique things in bulk just need options to pick how many you want to sell/buy, not only have options to pick between like 1, 5, or 10 at a time. when selling things to the general store you really ought to have the option to sort your item box. just things like that.
988	noelpregot	1	this is really the area i'd like to see them improve on in future games. just general ui and menus. the clothing shop should list by overall clothing type first and only then open up a list of color options. the hairdresser shouldn't charge you until after you've selected options to change, being charged just to even look at the options even if you don't intend on changing your current style is silly. npcs that sell/buy unique things in bulk just need options to pick how many you want to sell/buy, not only have options to pick between like 1, 5, or 10 at a time. when selling things to the general store you really ought to have the option to sort your item box. just things like that.
989	pranavnagarajan	1	to me 100% is completed pokedex, not shiny charm. but its debatable lol cause the 100% dex is really that long, shiny charm not so much
989	noelpregot	1	to me 100% is completed pokedex, not shiny charm. but its debatable lol cause the 100% dex is really that long, shiny charm not so much
990	pranavnagarajan	1	"100% as in prefected every single dex page? or as in getting the shiny charm? i've seen people set wildly different metrics for ""100%"" the game"
990	noelpregot	1	"100% as in prefected every single dex page? or as in getting the shiny charm? i've seen people set wildly different metrics for ""100%"" the game"
991	pranavnagarajan	2	the funniest part is that you believed him.
991	noelpregot	2	the funniest part is that you believed him.
992	pranavnagarajan	2	not only that, but just like the medical industry- the discussion is never about cutting costs, it's about shifting the payment burden. any politician who isn't talking about making it cheaper, but making other people pay for it is lying about what is going to happen.
992	noelpregot	2	not only that, but just like the medical industry- the discussion is never about cutting costs, it's about shifting the payment burden. any politician who isn't talking about making it cheaper, but making other people pay for it is lying about what is going to happen.
993	pranavnagarajan	2	that's not student debt cancellation at all.
993	noelpregot	1	that's not student debt cancellation at all.
994	pranavnagarajan	2	>ends lol
994	noelpregot	1	>ends lol
995	noelpregot	1	orrrrrrrr just repeal the recent the law that prevents people from using the existing law that's been around for 100+ years which was created to help people solve this exact problem... bankruptcy. what do you think happens when colleges and those companies that issue college loans know that you have to pay the loans back no matter what? they charge more.
995	pranavnagarajan	2	orrrrrrrr just repeal the recent the law that prevents people from using the existing law that's been around for 100+ years which was created to help people solve this exact problem... bankruptcy. what do you think happens when colleges and those companies that issue college loans know that you have to pay the loans back no matter what? they charge more.
996	pranavnagarajan	1	or when harris said she'd propose a bill in which we'd receive $2000 stimulus every month until the pandemic ends.
996	noelpregot	1	or when harris said she'd propose a bill in which we'd receive $2000 stimulus every month until the pandemic ends.
997	pranavnagarajan	1	i'm looking at the way back machine around the election for his website and see nothing of the sort. i'd be interested in seeing a specific date for such an easily provable claim. i see the same thing every click > we are the nation that built the hoover dam and the transcontinental railroad. landed a man on the moon. cured polio. built the internet. sequenced the human genome. and we will be the nation to end cancer as we know it. > this is the history of the journey of this country: it's one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things. i believe that as much today as i did when i got elected to the united states senate as a 29-year-old kid. but we have to remember who we are. at our best, america has always thought big. that's why the negativity, the pettiness, the small-mindedness of our politics today drives me crazy. we're better than this. > it's time to reach deep into the soul of this country and once again give everyone and i mean everyone the opportunity to achieve the impossible. it's time to look beyond 24-hour news cycles and 140-character arguments. it's time to treat each other with dignity and respect. not as opponents, but as fellow americans. because that's what we are. > this is a time for big dreams and american possibilities. if that's what you believe and you're ready to help elect folks who believe that, and to support groups and causes that embody that spirit then i'm asking you to join me today.
997	noelpregot	1	i'm looking at the way back machine around the election for his website and see nothing of the sort. i'd be interested in seeing a specific date for such an easily provable claim. i see the same thing every click > we are the nation that built the hoover dam and the transcontinental railroad. landed a man on the moon. cured polio. built the internet. sequenced the human genome. and we will be the nation to end cancer as we know it. > this is the history of the journey of this country: it's one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things. i believe that as much today as i did when i got elected to the united states senate as a 29-year-old kid. but we have to remember who we are. at our best, america has always thought big. that's why the negativity, the pettiness, the small-mindedness of our politics today drives me crazy. we're better than this. > it's time to reach deep into the soul of this country and once again give everyone and i mean everyone the opportunity to achieve the impossible. it's time to look beyond 24-hour news cycles and 140-character arguments. it's time to treat each other with dignity and respect. not as opponents, but as fellow americans. because that's what we are. > this is a time for big dreams and american possibilities. if that's what you believe and you're ready to help elect folks who believe that, and to support groups and causes that embody that spirit then i'm asking you to join me today.
998	pranavnagarajan	2	"despite what schumer thinks can be solved ""with a simple stroke of the pen"", there is no easy road to blanket loan forgiveness under the higher education act. it doesn't matter if it's a $10,000, $50,000, or a complete write-off of the debt. the only certainly is this: an executive order which forgives student loans (in part or in full) will be challenged in the courts, and then it will die in the courts. in the meantime, this issue will be politicized even more, making it that much harder for congress to pass any sensible loan forgiveness legislation. congress has always been the way forward on this issue."
998	noelpregot	1	"despite what schumer thinks can be solved ""with a simple stroke of the pen"", there is no easy road to blanket loan forgiveness under the higher education act. it doesn't matter if it's a $10,000, $50,000, or a complete write-off of the debt. the only certainly is this: an executive order which forgives student loans (in part or in full) will be challenged in the courts, and then it will die in the courts. in the meantime, this issue will be politicized even more, making it that much harder for congress to pass any sensible loan forgiveness legislation. congress has always been the way forward on this issue."
999	pranavnagarajan	2	you've been played like a fiddle.
999	noelpregot	2	you've been played like a fiddle.
1000	noelpregot	1	I love this movie. Perfect.
1000	pranavnagarajan	1	I love this movie. Perfect.
